I met few people congenial to me in that city.; Such a policy would not be constitutional.; People still wore their hair short and dressed conventionally.; Historical evidence lends credence to his theory.; I saw a plant growing out of a crevice in the wall.; The last decade saw the emergence of a dynamic economy.; Commonsense now dictates that it would be wise to sell a few shares.; We each have a separate bedroom but share a communal kitchen.; Regular forking of beds and borders relieves the compaction caused by rain.; Steam is condensed in the condenser.; The condor soars above the mountain heights.; The thief was arrested, but his confederate escaped.; He cooked for himself in the cramped kitchen.; They came to the lip of a dead crater.; The craze is sweeping over Japan.; The patient underwent surgery on his heart.; He was a young sailor on his first sea voyage.; He has a congenital heart defect.; There are conflicting reports about the identity of the hostage.; It has been very heartening to see new writing emerging.; I could only feel pity for what they were enduring.; He played the cornet in the school band.; Stress levels and heart disease are strongly correlated.; The shark's dorsal fin is beautiful.; Do you know the legend of the Cowhand and Weaver Maid?; Plows are still pulled by oxen in some countries.; The dog has brownish fur tipped with gray.; There's been a lot of conjecture in the media recently about the marriage.; She majored in Horticulture after she got into college.; I am going to have my portraiture taken.; 我在那個城市沒有遇到幾個意氣相投的。; 這樣的政策是不符合憲法的。; 人們還留著短髮、穿著傳統服飾。; 史學根據使他的理論更為可信。; 我看到牆縫裏長出一棵草來。; 最近十年見證了經濟增長的姿態。; 現在，常識告訴我們賣掉一些股票是明智的。; 我們各有一間獨立的臥室，但共用一個廚房。; 時常翻動一下花圃和草坪四周會讓被雨水壓緊的土壤鬆動鬆動。; 蒸汽在冷凝器中凝結。; 禿鷹翱翔於高山之上。; 小偷被逮住了，但他的同夥卻逃之夭夭。; 他在狹窄的小廚房裏為自己做飯燒菜。; 他們來到了一個死火山口。; 這種狂熱正席捲日本。; 這位病人接受了心臟外科手術。; 他第一次出海航行時還是個年輕的水手。; 他有先天性心臟缺陷。; 有關人質身份的報導相互矛盾。; 看到新著作問世非常鼓舞人心。; 對他們所受的苦難我唯有同情而已。; 他在學校樂隊吹奏短號。; 壓力程度和心臟病密切相關。; 這隻鯊魚的背鰭真漂亮。; 你知道牛郎和織女的傳說嗎？; 在一些國家犁頭仍由牛拖拉。; 那條狗有著褐色帶灰點的毛皮。; 近期報紙上對這樁婚姻大加猜測。; 她考上大學之後主修園藝學。; 我請人給自己畫張肖像。
