The cells are irradiated so that they cannot reproduce.; I put on a little eye makeup.; These particulate creatures are hardly visible to the naked eyes.; Lack of money has proved an almost insurmountable obstacle.; Silver is the most malleable of all metals.; It's important to store perishable food in a cool place.; Bad housing is interconnected with debt and poverty.; She warned me against being overconfident.; They were given the task of reconstructing the city's public transport system.; What was once an informal event has now been institutionalized.; The performance consisted of dance, music and mime.; The work of the charity has been widely publicized throughout the media.; In her habits, she was a living impersonation of order, method, and exactness.; The treaty gave a fresh impetus to trade.; He had implicit faith in the noble intentions of the Emperor.; The company will be retooled after the incorporation.; He lay completely inert on the floor.; He came to England in his infancy.; There is an inviting restaurant with an outdoor terrace.; She had an irritating habit of repeating everything I said to her.; It took years to understand many perplexing diseases.; These documents are largely irrelevant to the present investigation.; Before his eyes was a sea of jubilant people.; They are militant extremists.; You can get a nasty sting from a jellyfish.; The oil lamp needs a new lampshade.; He was always a lavish spender.; He's hypersensitive to any kind of criticism.; There will be a prize for the most innovative design.; He knew instinctively where he would find her.; 這些細胞被射線照射後不能再繁殖。; 我在眼部化了淡妝。; 這些微小的生物肉眼幾乎看不見。; 資金不足已成為一個幾乎無法逾越的障礙。; 銀是延展性最好的金屬。; 一定要把易變壞的食物存放在陰涼的地方。; 住房條件差與負債以及貧困相關聯。; 她告誡我不要過於自信。; 重建該市的大眾運輸系統的任務交給了他們。; 曾經是非正式的活動現在已經制度化。; 演出包括舞蹈、音樂和默劇。; 慈善組織的工作獲得媒體的廣泛宣傳。; 她的生活習慣活生生地體現了井井有條，按部就班和精密細致等準則。; 這條約使雙方的貿易又推進了一步。; 他對皇帝陛下高尚的動機深信不疑。; 合併之後的公司要進行重組。; 他一動不動地躺在地板上。; 他幼年時期來到英國。; 那裡有一間誘人的帶露天陽台的飯館。; 她有個惹人討厭的習慣，我跟她說的每一件事她都告訴別人。; 許多疑難雜症要耗時數年才能搞明白。; 這些文件與目前的調查幾乎毫不相干。; 他眼前是一片歡騰的人海。; 他們是激進的好戰份子。; 你可能會被水母狠狠地蜇一下。; 這油燈需配個新的燈罩。; 他花錢總是大手大腳。; 他對任何批評都受不了。; 將設立一項最具創新設計獎。; 他本能地知道在哪兒能找到她。
