She was strongly committed to her job, a policewoman by eminence.; This shop sells fluorescent paint.; The illness is triggered by a chemical imbalance in the brain.; Do you have a converter?; A convex lens is used to concentrate rays of light.; His sales pitch was smooth and convincing.; Her skirt was blue with white dots.; I was quite impressed by her dogged determination to succeed.; The marrow donor is her sister.; She embodied good sportsmanship on the playing field.; She handed me a business card with her name neatly embossed on it.; Two microchips are embedded in this cell phone.; I just can't work up any enthusiasm for the whole project.; The nuclear waste is encased in concrete before being sent for storage in disused mines.; This island is maintained as a sanctuary for endangered species.; Those in his employ were careful never to enrage him.; They were forced to forage for clothing and fuel.; He gave me a piece of advice on how to learn genetics.; They talk about it endlessly.; Four years of negotiation ended fruitlessly last December.; Hydrogen is a corlorless and odorless gas.; The hospital was founded on an endowment fund.; I gained a good deal of enlightenment from him.; You make wine by leaving grape juice to ferment until all the sugar has turned to alcohol.; We were having such a good time that we decided to prolong our stay by another week.; The cells elongate as they take in water.; His cousin is a longshoreman.; Just tell the truth and don't embellish the story by any means.; A feverish child refuses to eat and asks only for cold drinks.; Their words foreshadow events to come.; 她非常忠於職守，一位卓越的女警察。; 這家商店出售螢光漆。; 這種疾病是大腦化學物質失衡誘發的。; 你有轉換器嗎？; 凸透鏡用於聚集光線。; 他的推銷詞流暢又有說服力。; 她的藍裙上有一些白色小圓點。; 她想成功的堅定決心讓我印象深刻。; 骨髓捐贈者是她的妹妹。; 在運動場上，她展現了優秀的體育精神。; 她遞給我一張名片，上面簡潔地凸印著她的名字。; 這個手機之中嵌有兩個微晶片。; 我就是對整個企劃案提不起一點熱情。; 核廢料在送往廢棄的礦井存放之前，先用混凝土密封起來。; 那個島繼續作為瀕危物種的保護區。; 在他手底下幹活的人都非常小心絕不去觸怒他。; 他們不得不去搜索衣服和燃料。; 他就如何學好遺傳學給我提出了一個建議。; 他們沒完沒了地談論著那件事。; 曆時四年的談判在去年十二月無果而終。; 氫氣是一種無色無味的氣體。; 這所醫院是用捐贈基金創辦的。; 我從他那裡獲得許多啟發。; 釀葡萄酒是讓葡萄汁發酵，直到所有的糖分都轉化為酒精。; 我們過得非常愉快，決定再多待一個星期。; 細胞吸水後變長。; 他的表弟是位港口工人。; 只要講清事實，千萬不要加油添醋。; 發燒的孩子不願吃東西，只會要冷飲。; 他們的話預示了所將要發生的事情。
