The river was full but we managed to wade across.; This ware is suitable for decorative purpose but unsuitable for utility.; The boxes are stacked in a warehouse.; The exams are in July, but the actual results don't appear until September.; The party split into petty factions.; He analyzed the various factors.; On receiving the news, she fell into a dead faint.; In the second experiment they obtained a very clear result.; She wore a plain black dress.; Football is a universal game.; It's absolutely vital that you do exactly as I say.; The meat of the walnut can be used in cakes.; His father was appointed postmaster.; She was fifty and still a stunning woman.; The soloist in the violin concert was Ken.; There is a protruding shelf over a fireplace.; His novel is a vivid portrayal of life in a mining community.; The trainload means the quantity that can be carried by a train.; All the hostages, when released from captivity, looked remarkably fit and well.; Predictability is one thing, fear of change is something else.; Without continued learning, graduates will lose their intellectual vitality.; Lay them on their side and ensure the airway is unobstructed.; I want to underscore that we are back to stay.; I do object to their claim, which I find totally unsubstantiated.; The stadium was littered with the detritus of yesterday's concert.; We have a census in this country every ten years.; The chorus were very good.; He's attractive, but vapid.; Vacuum up the cake crumbs, would you?; I do have a vague memory of meeting her many years ago.; 河裡漲滿了水，但我們設法涉水過去了。; 這種器皿中看不中用。; 這些箱子被堆放在一個倉庫裡。; 考試是在七月份，但是真正成績公佈要等到九月份。; 該黨分成若干小派系。; 他分析了各種因素。; 聽到消息，她昏死過去。; 第二次實驗他們獲得了明確的結果。; 她穿著一件樸素的黑色連身裙。; 足球是一項全球性的運動。; 完完全全按我說的去做，這至關重要。; 做蛋糕時可用胡桃肉。; 他的父親被任命為郵政局長。; 她已經五十歲了，但依然美豔動人。; 這首小提琴協奏曲的獨奏者是肯。; 壁爐上方有個突出的架子。; 他的小說生動地描繪了礦區的生活。; 裝載量是指列車所能裝載的數量。; 人質被釋放時看上去居然都很健康。; 可以預見是一回事，怕改變又是一回事。; 如果不繼續學習，畢業生就會失去思想上的活力。; 讓他們側躺著，並確保呼吸道暢通。; 我要強調的是，我們不僅回來，而且會留下來。; 我強烈反對他們的說法，那是毫無根據的。; 體育館裡到處都是昨天舉行音樂會後留下的垃圾。; 我們在這個國家每十年進行一次人口普查。; 這支合唱團很有水準。; 他很帥但很蠢。; 請用吸塵器把蛋糕屑清理掉，好嗎？; 我確實依稀記得多年前見過她。
