Age deforms the spine.; My original statement has been completely distorted by the media.; These investments have remained dormant for several years.; She had spent another dreary day in the office.; I have an elementary knowledge of physics.; His tact was exemplary, especially considering the circumstances.; The glass shattered into a thousand tiny pieces.; Psychotherapy helped him to shed some of his insecurity.; The police held up their riot shields against the flying rocks and bricks.; We are planning for our next excursion.; Expansion into new areas of research is possible.; We built an extension to our house.; Chemical analysis revealed a high content of copper.; The army arrived to assist in the search.; She is a personal assistant.; My rent is seven hundred dollars a month inclusive of bills.; The students need intensive courses.; If the drought continues, deaths will occur on a massive scale.; We have a spare room if you want to stay.; Mountain gorillas are an endangered species.; The game drew thousands of spectators.; They have huge arguments because they're both so stubborn.; She spent three months in the studio.; News of the disaster stunned people throughout the world.; It frustrates me that I'm not able to put any of my ideas into practice.; He's been under a lot of strain recently.; There are so many different strands to the plot that it's hard to follow.; A heart shape is the symbol of love.; The dove symbolizes peace.; The need to incorporate a staircase prevented perfect symmetry.; 衰老會導致脊柱變形。; 我最初的說法被媒體徹底歪曲了。; 這些投資好幾年都沒有甚麽動靜。; 她在辦公室裡又度過了枯燥的一天。; 我懂一些基本的物理知識。; 他的策略堪稱典範，尤其是考慮到當時的情形。; 玻璃碎成無數塊細小的碎片。; 心理療法幫助他擺脫了一些不安全感。; 員警舉著防暴盾牌阻擋飛來的石頭和磚塊。; 我們正在為下一次的遠足作準備。; 拓展新的研究領域是可能的。; 我們擴建了我家的房屋。; 化學分析結果顯示出極高的銅含量。; 軍隊趕到協助搜尋。; 她是個私人助理。; 我的租金是每月七百美元全包。; 這些學生需要密集的課程。; 如果旱情持續，將有大批人死亡。; 要是你想留下來的話，我們有一個空房間。; 山地大猩猩屬於瀕危物種。; 這場比賽吸引了數千名觀眾。; 他們倆吵得很兇，因為他們兩個人都很固執。; 她在錄音室裡待了三個月。; 災難消息使全世界的人震驚。; 我的任何想法都無法付諸實踐，這讓我很灰心。; 他最近壓力很大。; 故事情節的頭緒紛亂，很難搞清楚。; 心形是愛的象徵。; 鴿子象徵和平。; 因為需要加進一個樓梯，就不可能完全對稱了。
