Her first novel enjoyed an astonishing success.; I always blush when I speak in public.; A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.; The high suicide rate acted as a catalyst for change in the prison system.; He's in constant trouble with the police.; The letter was destined never to reach him.; The earth should be elliptical.; He's very energetic, isn't he?; He drove in an erratic course down the road.; We've had more than our ration of problems recently.; The realization was dawning that this was a major disaster.; Our school gave a reception to our new principal.; The police have no definitive proof of her guilt.; His painting is very derivative.; Lack of trust is very destructive in a relationship.; The test involves simple calculations, such as addition and subtraction.; The reorganization will transform the entertainment industry.; It makes the transition from the old conception to the new.; Acupuncture originated in China.; Our departure was delayed because of bad weather.; It's part of a drive to cut government expenditure.; The advantage of the plan is its simplicity.; The situation raises important questions about solidarity among member states of the UN.; Talks are being held about who should have sovereignty over the island.; She's utterly resolute in her refusal to apologize.; I can't figure out why they ridicule this constructive suggestion.; Now my house is secure against burglary.; It's very dull today but I don't think it'll rain.; The gulf war has sapped Iraqi vitality badly.; She gulped down her drink and made a hasty exit.; 她的第一部小說取得了驚人的成功。; 當眾講話時我總是臉紅。; 雙鳥在林，不如一鳥在手。; 高自殺率促成了監獄制度的改革。; 他與警方麻煩不斷。; 他注定收不到這封信。; 地球應當是橢圓形的。; 他很有活力，不是嗎？; 他開車忽左忽右地在路上蛇行。; 最近我們遇到的問題很多，超出我們的能力範圍了。; 人們開始意識到這是一場大災難。; 我們學校為新校長舉行了歡迎會。; 警察並未掌握她犯罪的確鑿證據。; 他的油畫有很重的模仿痕跡。; 戀愛時缺乏信任是非常不利的。; 測驗包括一些簡單的運算，例如加法和減法。; 這次重組將使娛樂業大為改觀。; 它使老的觀念向新的觀念轉變。; 針刺療法起源於中國。; 由於天氣不好，我們的出發時間延後了。; 這是削減政府開支的一個方法。; 這項計劃的優點是簡單易行。; 當前形勢引發了聯合國成員國能否團結一致的質疑。; 關於該島主權歸屬問題的會談正在進行。; 她斷然拒絕道歉。; 我弄不懂他們為什麼嘲笑這一建設性建議。; 現在我的房子無被盜竊之危險。; 今天天氣很陰暗，但我認為不會下雨。; 海灣戰爭使伊拉克大傷元氣。; 她大口喝下飲料後急匆匆地出去了。
