You'll have to be very diplomatic if you want him to approve of the plan.; Domestic opinion had turned against the war.; Since they had their baby they've both become quite domesticated.; The fish was cooked to perfection.; I signed a petition against the proposed closure of the local hospital today.; He once owned a cotton plantation.; Comparatively speaking, this machine is easy to use.; It is a good opportunity to enhance your competitiveness.; This is the fifth consecutive weekend that I've spent working.; A security guard with a dog patrols the building site at night.; Will patrons kindly note that this restaurant will be closed in July.; The organization had been penetrated by a spy.; My top priority is to find somewhere to live.; This small house is my only property.; We wish your health, happiness, and prosperity.; They don't seem to grasp the magnitude of the problem.; The hemoglobin molecule contains only four atoms of iron.; This case has raised a multitude of questions.; He's got rather plump since I last saw him.; We're willing to pay a premium for the best location.; The pump is powered by a motor.; She underwent an operation on a tumor in her left lung last year.; His judgment was undistorted by emotion.; Can someone help me to undo my seat belt?; The world is now producing large food surpluses.; We are running your consumer survey now.; This has been a turbulent week for the administration.; They were divided by mutual suspicion and jealousy.; The economy looks set to sustain its growth into next year.; Viruses may be present in tap water.; 如果你要他同意這個計畫，你必須十分注意策略。; 國內輿論已轉而反對戰爭。; 自從有了孩子之後，他們兩人都變得很會做家務了。; 這條魚燒得極好。; 今天我在反對關閉當地醫院的請願書上簽了名。; 他曾擁有一個棉花園。; 比較而言，這台機器用起來很方便。; 這是一個幫你提高競爭力的好機會。; 這是我連續第五個週末加班。; 夜間一名保安帶著一隻狗在建築工地巡邏。; 各位老顧客請注意，本店將於七月暫停營業。; 一名間諜滲入了該組織。; 我首先要考慮的是找個地方住。; 這所小房子是我的唯一財產。; 我們祝願你健康、幸福、事業興旺。; 他們似乎沒有領會到問題的重要性。; 血紅蛋白分子只含有四個鐵原子。; 這個案例引出了許多問題。; 自從我上次見到他以來，他胖了很多。; 為了得到最好的地段，我們願意多付些錢。; 這台幫浦是靠一台馬達運作的。; 她在去年做了一次左肺腫瘤切除手術。; 他的判斷力並沒有因為情緒而有所改變。; 有人能幫我解開安全帶嗎？; 世界上目前生產的食品大大過剩。; 我們正在忙你的用戶調查表。; 對政府來講，這是動盪多事的一周。; 他們因互相猜疑，嫉妒而對立。; 看來經濟增長會持續到明年。; 病毒可以存在自來水中。
