He often appeared angry and frustrated by the intransigence of both sides.; They love lettuce.; We are applying for a license to sell wine.; Several cases of malpractice and malfeasance in the financial world are currently being investigated.; An eclipse is an unusual occurrence.; How do the French perceive the British?; The report states that vandalism is a pestilence that must be stamped out.; He works hard but he's paid a pittance.; Would it be breaking with precedent for the bride to make a speech?; The film opens with a shot of a climber dangling from a precipice.; In his preface, the author says that he took eight years to write the book.; The preponderance of evidence suggests that he's guilty.; An American football game is the quintessence of machismo.; My grandfather used to reminisce about his years in the navy.; The creation of independent states has led to a resurgence of nationalism.; Food and clean water were becoming scarce.; Tomorrow will be the Summer Solstice.; More banks are now installing surveillance cameras.; A stick of celery does not provide much sustenance.; The word is unpronounceable.; We were swamped by an avalanche of complaints.; The king retired to his chamber.; He had a sort of instinctive chivalry in him.; Silent and pale, she clutched her mother's hand.; The audience was clearly enchanted by her performance.; I won't encroach on your time any longer.; Fertilizer helps to enrich the soil.; The president said that his country was moving into a new epoch.; The ostrich is the fastest animal on two legs.; We must avoid facile recriminations about who was to blame.; 他似乎常常为双方各不相让而感到生气沮丧。; 他们超爱生菜。; 我们正申请执照卖酒。; 金融界的几个渎职违规案件目前正在调查之中。; 蚀是不常见的事情。; 法国人是如何看待英国人的？; 该报告说明，恶意破坏行为是一种毒瘤，必须铲除。; 他工作很勤奋，但收入微薄。; 新娘发表讲话是否有悖于惯例？; 电影开始时是一个登山者悬在峭壁上的镜头。; 在前言中，作者说他写这本书花了八年。; 大量的证据显示他有罪。; 橄榄球赛是大男子气概的典型表现。; 我祖父过去常回忆起他当海军时的岁月。; 独立国家的建立导致了民族主义的复苏。; 食物和干净的水越来越少了。; 明天就夏至了。; 现在更多的银行开始安装监视录影机。; 一把芹菜提供不了多少营养。; 这个字很难发音。; 大批的投诉让我们疲于应付。; 国王回到他的房里休息了。; 在他身上有一种天生的骑士风度。; 她一声不吭，面色苍白，死死抓着母亲的手。; 观众显然陶醉于她的演出中。; 我不会再占用你的时间了。; 化肥可以提高土壤肥沃度。; 总统说他的国家正在步入一个新时代。; 鸵鸟是跑得最快的两足动物。; 我们必须避免随意指责、怪罪别人。
