The treaty was abrogated.; He advocates the return of capital punishment.; Disagreements can alienate teenagers from their families.; I was amazed by how well he looked.; I found myself unable to articulate my feelings.; You shouldn't expect immigrants to assimilate into an alien culture immediately.; Inmates erected a barricade between themselves and the prison guards.; Education is the current focus of public debate.; The car decelerated at the sight of the police car.; The house stood in a bleak and desolate landscape.; We should disseminate science and promote the scientific spirit.; I don't understand. You'll have to elucidate.; Her latest escapade was to camp outside a department store on the night before the sale.; The high concentration of sugars forms a syrup when the sap evaporates.; He was discovered to have been expropriating company funds.; The police arrested dealers in an attempt to extirpate drug abuse.; The new ramp will facilitate the entry of wheelchairs.; A fanfare of trumpets heralded the arrival of the King.; The humane way of dealing with a suffering animal is to kill it quickly.; I put on a little eye makeup.; Sailors have special equipment to help them navigate.; We must not perpetuate the religious divisions of the past.; The film is a reflection of the violence that pervades our culture.; She is well-known for her profligate spending habits.; Small businesses have proliferated in the last ten years.; The owners intend to raze the hotel and erect an office building.; Physiotherapy is part of rehabilitating accident victims.; The government repatriated him because he had no visa.; Her heart had stopped, but the doctors successfully resuscitated her.; If someone insults you, don't retaliate as it only makes the situation worse.; 该条约被废止了。; 他主张恢复死刑。; 家庭争吵会使青少年跟家人产生感情裂痕。; 看到他气色这么好，我大为惊奇。; 我感到无法用语言来表达我的感情。; 你不应该指望移民能够马上融入一种外国文化中。; 囚犯们设置了路障，把狱警和他们隔开。; 教育是目前大众谈论的焦点。; 那辆汽车一见警车就慢了下来。; 那所房子坐落在萧瑟荒凉的原野上。; 我们应该普及科学知识且弘扬科学精神。; 我不懂，你得解释一下。; 她最近的一个恶作剧是在一家百货公司大减价的前一晚搭帐篷睡在店外。; 当树汁中的水分蒸发时，糖分就浓缩成糖浆。; 他被发现一直在侵吞公司资金。; 警察逮捕了很多毒品交易者为的是要根除毒品泛滥的问题。; 新的坡道将可方便轮椅进入。; 嘹亮的小号声宣告了国王驾到。; 对待为病痛所折磨的动物，比较人道的办法就是尽快结束它的生命。; 我在眼部化了淡妆。; 船员们借助专门的仪器确定航向。; 我们绝对不能让过去的宗教分裂继续下去。; 这部电影反映了充斥于我们文化中的暴力。; 她因恣意挥霍钱财而出名。; 在过去的十年里，小型企业激增。; 业主打算夷平酒店并建立一座办公大楼。; 物理治疗是对事故受伤者进行康复治疗的一部分。; 他没有签证，所以被政府遣送回国。; 她的心跳都已经停了，但医生们还是成功地把她从鬼门关拉了回来。; 如果别人侮辱了你，不要报复，因为这样只会使情况变得更糟。
