The government has turned a minor local problem into a full-blown regional conflagration.; There was a strange conglomeration of objects on the mantelpiece.; The general consensus in the office is that he can't do his job.; He tried to console her, but she kept saying it was all her own fault.; It took them two years to construct the bridge.; At school she had complete contempt for all her teachers.; There was a big controversy over the use of drugs in athletics.; His poetry conveys a great sense of religious devotion.; Aerial reconnaissance of the enemy position showed they were ready to attack.; Eight children were crammed into the back of the car.; The shrine was desecrated by vandals.; Language learning usually necessitates conscious mimicry.; There are so many defects in our education system.; He deflected the ball away from the goal.; The City Council issued an edict against spitting in the street.; How did she react to the news?; Keep your letter succinct and to the point.; There is some discrepancy between the two accounts.; She begged for leniency for her son.; Debris from the aircraft was scattered over a large area.; This little stream can become a deluge when it rains heavily.; The path descended steeply into the valley.; A suspect has been detained by the police for questioning.; My boss is kind of a dictator.; It is very helpful for a language teacher to have good diction.; I could just discern a figure in the darkness.; Large amounts of dangerous waste are discharged daily by the factory.; The police have disclosed that two officers are under internal investigation.; The players were disgruntled with the umpire.; He disguised himself by wearing a false beard.; 政府把一个地方性的小问题演变为一场全面的地区冲突。; 壁炉架上有一堆稀奇古怪的东西。; 办公室成员一致认为他无法胜任工作。; 他尽力安慰她，可是她不停地说那都是她自己的错。; 他们用了两年时间建这座桥。; 在学校读书时她对所有老师都不屑一顾。; 体育界对使用违禁药物争议很大。; 他的诗歌表达了献身宗教的强烈感情。; 对敌人阵地进行的空中侦察显示，敌军已经做好了进攻的准备。; 八个孩子被塞进了汽车的后座。; 神殿遭到破坏份子的亵渎。; 一般来说，学习语言就要进行有意识的模仿。; 我们的教育制度有太多缺陷了。; 他把球挡出了球门。; 市议会颁布法令禁止随地吐痰。; 她对这个消息反应如何？; 信一定要写得简明扼要。; 这两份帐单之间有一些出入。; 她请求给她儿子从宽处置。; 飞机残骇散落在一片很大的区域。; 遇到暴雨的时候，这条小溪的水势就会猛涨。; 这条路很陡，一直通到山谷。; 一名嫌疑人已被员警拘留接受进一步审讯。; 我的老板是个有点独断专行的人。; 语言教师发音好非常有益。; 在黑暗中我只能看出一个人影。; 这个工厂每天排放大量危险的废物。; 警方公布说有两名员警正在接受内部调查。; 运动员们对裁判不满。; 他黏上假胡须伪装自己。
