He frequently exhibits at the art gallery.; Her hands were frostbitten.; She was quite affable at the meeting.; Do you think the new manager will prove more amenable to our proposals?; Wood and coal are both combustible substances.; He sent a constable to take it to the Incident Room.; He's a despicable human being!; The machines have to be made of durable materials.; There are any number of miracle cures on the market for people gullible enough to buy them.; The last time I saw Rachel she was hobbling around with a stick.; The villagers were very hospitable towards anyone who passed through.; Many roads were flooded and impassable following the storm.; Outside, the fog was thick and impenetrable.; Thomas was cool, aloof and imperturbable.; He is my implacable enemy.; In those impregnable mountains, the guerrillas could hold out for years.; Annie was an indefatigable campaigner for better community services.; The blood had left an indelible mark on her shirt.; The indomitable Mrs. Jane said she would continue to fight for justice.; For some inexplicable reason, he's decided to cancel the project.; In public he remained inscrutable.; The difficulties that confront us seem insuperable.; He kept telling his interminable stories.; Everyone has an inviolable right to protection by a fair legal system.; She's becoming more and more irascible as she grows older.; They have become irreconcilable.; Her death is an irreparable loss to the firm.; Even the rain failed to dampen his irrepressible spirits.; The committee's decision is irrevocable.; The recycling program is laudable, but does it save much money?; 他经常在艺廊展出作品。; 她手都冻伤了。; 会议上，她非常和蔼可亲。; 你认为新经理对我们的建议会更加乐于接受吗？; 木头和煤炭都是易燃物质。; 他派了一名警察把它送到重案调查室。; 他是个令人厌恶的人！; 这种机器必须使用耐用的材料来制造。; 市场上有好多种所谓的奇效药，专门诱骗那些轻信的人掏腰包。; 上次我见到瑞秋的时候，她拄着拐杖一瘸一拐的。; 村民们对所有过路人都非常热情友好。; 暴风雨过后，许多道路被淹，无法通行。; 外面的雾很浓，什么也看不见。; 汤马斯沉着，冷漠且不易激动。; 他是我的死敌。; 在那些固若金汤的大山里，游击队可以坚持很多年。; 安妮曾为改善社区服务而不懈奔走。; 她衬衫上留下的血迹洗不掉。; 不屈不挠的珍夫人说她将继续为正义而奋斗。; 由于某种无法解释的原因，他决定取消这个专案。; 在公开场合他一直像一个谜。; 我们面临的困难似乎是不可克服的。; 他一直在讲的一些冗长乏味的故事。; 人人都享有受公平法律制度保护的神圣权利。; 随着年龄的增长，她的性情变得越来越暴躁。; 他们双方都拒绝进一步妥协。; 她的去世对公司是不可弥补的损失。; 即使下雨也未能浇灭他那抑制不住的热情。; 委员会的决定是不可撤回的。; 这项回收计划值得称赞，不过它能节省许多资金吗？
