The difference between the two products is negligible.; The past year has seen a perceptible improvement in working standards.; I bought my son a portable typewriter.; The bomb reduced the house to rubble.; The baby's just scribbled all over my new dictionary!; This unconscionable policy will cause great suffering.; The letter is undecipherable.; He claimed the charges against him were untenable.; He had a gentle, slightly bovine expression.; He told me a brazen lie.; It is a radio broadcast.; A huge arms cache was discovered by police.; The camaraderie among fellow employees made the tedious work just bearable.; The extinct volcano's eruption would mean a cataclysm for the city.; He's got a strong southern accent.; He became an unwitting accomplice in the crime.; She had a troubled adolescence.; Soldiers have to swear allegiance to the King.; The kitchen is equipped with modern appliances.; This tree has a circumference of six feet.; Dignitaries from all over the world came to offer their condolences.; He openly accused his opponents of cowardice.; I saw a plant growing out of a crevice in the wall.; The empire had been falling into decadence for years.; The building of a new dam will displace thousands of people who live in this area.; The town hall is the only edifice surviving from the fifteenth century.; The whole country had tried to efface the memory of the old dictatorship.; She has so many facets to her personality.; He thanked his employees for the forbearance they had shown during the company's difficult times.; He tried to stand and grimaced with pain.; 两种产品之间的差异微乎其微。; 去年，工作条件有了明显改善。; 我给儿子买了一台手提式打字机。; 炸弹把这座房屋炸成了一堆瓦砾。; 这个孩子刚才在我的新词典上乱涂乱画！; 这个不道德的政策将会导致苦难。; 这封信是难以辨认的。; 他声称那些对他的指控是站不住脚的。; 他表情温和，略显木讷。; 他明目张胆地向我撒谎。; 这是个广播节目。; 警方发现了大批私藏的军火。; 同事之间的情谊使枯燥乏味的工作变得还能忍受。; 死火山又重新喷发，对这座城市来说意味着大难临头。; 他说话带有很重的南方口音。; 他糊里糊涂地成了犯罪的帮凶。; 她经历了坎坷的青春。; 士兵必须宣誓效忠国王。; 这间厨房里安装了各种现代化设备。; 这棵树周长六英尺。; 世界各国的要人都前来吊唁。; 他公然指责对手胆小懦弱。; 我看到墙缝里长出一棵草来。; 这个帝国走向腐朽堕落已经多年了。; 建造新水坝将迫使居住在这一地区的数千人迁往别处。; 市政厅是唯一一座存留下来的十五世纪的雄伟建筑。; 整个国家都曾试图将那段独裁历史从记忆中抹去。; 她的性格具有多面性。; 他感谢员工们在公司的困难时期所表现出的耐心和宽容。; 他试图站起来，结果疼得脸变形。
