He was born in squalor next to London's docks.; Ghosts and evil spirits are supernatural.; The gills of fishes are analogous to the lungs in terrestrial animals.; Bananas are tropical fruit.; Mass unemployment may lead to social upheaval.; He writes in an easy, colloquial style.; Nothing seems to dampen his perpetual enthusiasm.; Lambs were gamboling in the spring sunshine.; In her stories she expresses the whole gamut of emotions, from happiness to sorrow.; Disease is rampant in the overcrowded city.; Many people feel a great curiosity to find out about their antecedents.; It will take many years to modernize these antiquated industries.; It will take many years to modernize these antiquated industries.; The party's principles are basically egalitarian.; She made eyes at the handsome actor.; She has a languid manner.; He is now at the meridian of his intellectual power.; The gang held the racehorse to ransom.; This is a very utilitarian commercial speculation.; If the pay deal isn't settled amicably there'll be anarchy in the factories.; Did you have a reason for choosing your destination or was it arbitrary?; The United States is the archetype of a federal society.; Will you stop arguing with each other?; He bartered his stamp collection for her comics.; The story has a certain bizarre interest.; The old man drew a long, gnarled finger across his throat.; He'd been drinking the night before and was looking a bit haggard.; He tackled the problem in a typically haphazard manner.; That is a famous landmark.; The only secure basis for oligarchy is collectivism.; 他出生在伦敦码头附近肮脏的地区。; 幽灵和魔鬼都是超自然的。; 鱼类的鳃与陆上动物的肺类似。; 香蕉是热带水果。; 大批失业会导致社会动乱。; 他用一种轻松的口语写作。; 似乎没有什么能让他那持久的热情消退。; 小羊在春天的阳光中欢快地跳跃。; 她的短篇小说呈现了喜怒哀乐等千情百感。; 疾病在过分拥挤的城市中肆虐。; 很多人对于他们的祖先充满了好奇，很想探究一番。; 这些老工业实现现代化将需要很多年的时间。; 这些老工业实现现代化将需要很多年的时间。; 这个党的基本原则是人人平等。; 她向那个帅演员抛媚眼。; 她有着徐缓从容的举止。; 他现在正值智力全盛期。; 这个犯罪集团扣留了赛马，以此勒索赎金。; 这其实是一种十分功利主义的商业炒作。; 如果工资问题不能友好地解决，这些工厂将会一片混乱。; 你根据什么选择目的地？还是随意选定的？; 美国是典型的联邦制社会。; 你们别再吵嘴了好不好？; 他用他收集的邮票，换取她的漫画。; 这个故事听起来别有风味。; 老人伸出一根粗糙的长手指摸了一下喉咙。; 他前一天晚上喝了酒，看起来有点憔悴。; 像往常一样，他处理这个问题时也很没有章法。; 那是个著名的地标。; 寡头政体的唯一可靠基础是集体主义。
