His colleagues ostracized him after he criticized the company in public.; They have a reciprocal loathing for each other.; All his sagacity seemed to desert him.; Could you pass me the scissors?; The deal had the tacit approval of the President.; He's a reserved, taciturn person.; Seven million doses of vaccine are annually given to British children.; There are several hotels in the immediate vicinity of the station.; The tennis player gave a disappointingly lackluster performance.; Slacken the reins or you'll hurt the horse's mouth.; He hid in a thicket.; There was a clamor of voices outside the office.; I know it's a cliche.; On Wednesday there will be a partial eclipse of the sun.; The bank is threatening to foreclose on the family's house.; He is a millionaire recluse who refuses to give interviews.; The collapse of the company was described as the greatest financial debacle in US history.; Residents are given four separate receptacles for their rubbish.; The monument was built to commemorate the victory.; We will commence building work in August of next year.; I began by commiserating with her over the defeat.; We can now communicate instantly with people.; Are you alone or with a companion?; As a schoolboy he was compelled to wear shorts even in winter.; There are serious penalties for failure to comply with the regulations.; I can't concentrate on my work with all that noise.; The film was condemned for its sexism.; The thief was arrested, but his confederate escaped.; I need some time to confer with my lawyer.; His passport was confiscated by the police to prevent him from leaving the country.; 他公开批评公司之后，同事们对他采取了排斥态度。; 他们互相憎恨。; 他似乎完全失去洞察力。; 可以递给我那把剪刀吗？; 这笔交易得到总统的默许。; 他是个沉默寡言的人。; 英国孩子每年要接种七百万剂疫苗。; 就在车站附近有好几家饭店。; 那位网球选手死气沉沉的表现令人失望。; 松开缰绳，否则你会弄伤马的嘴。; 他躲在灌木丛里。; 办公室外有喧闹声。; 我知道这是老套的话。; 周三将有一次日偏蚀。; 银行威胁要取消这家人赎回住房的权利。; 他是个喜欢独处的百万富翁，不接受别人的采访。; 那间公司的破产被称为美国历史上最大的一场金融灾难。; 每家每户都发了四个不同的容器来存放垃圾。; 这座纪念碑是被建来纪念那次胜利。; 我们将于明年八月开始破土动工。; 我首先对她的失败表示惋惜。; 我们现在可以人们进行即时交流。; 你单独一人还是与朋友在一起？; 在小学阶段，即使在冬天他也被迫穿着短裤。; 不遵守规定者将受到严惩。; 那么吵，我没法集中精力。; 这出电影被指责带有性别歧视。; 小偷被逮住了，但他的同伙却逃之夭夭。; 我想花点时间跟我的律师商量一下。; 警方没收了他的护照，以防他出境。
