We had to abandon the car.; What does the abbreviation WHO stand for?; Tests revealed some abnormal skin cells.; It is hard to be an accountant.; Some maniac was running down the street waving a massive metal bar.; Her paintings have a very tactile quality.; The only access to the village is by boat.; She wore a green wool suit with matching accessories.; Soldiers have to swear allegiance to the King.; I believed him absolutely.; I didn't actually see her.; Ordinarily, we send a reminder about a month before payment is required.; I was never a particularly academic child.; The earthquake was a disaster of cosmic scale.; Buying goods on the installment plan has become epidemic in recent years.; He was expelled from the academy of sciences.; Tourism contributes millions of pounds to the local economy.; Religion had an intimate association with alchemy during the middle ages.; The plan had to be aborted at the last minute.; She has one son and she adores him.; I don't know how he can afford a new car on his salary.; There seems to have been some abrasion of the surface.; Her silence was taken as an admission of guilt.; The lack of cohesion within the party lost them votes in the election.; She has a rather abrasive manner.; You'll need some strong adhesive to mend that chair.; If I criticize him, he gets aggressive and starts shouting.; She decided to have an abortion.; The museum's latest acquisition is an ancient sculpture.; Teachers complain that more of their time is taken up with administration than with teaching.; 我们不得不弃车而去。; WHO的是什么的缩写？; 检验结果显示一些皮肤细胞异常。; 当会计师是不容易的。; 有个疯子挥着一根粗粗的金属棒在街上奔跑。; 她的画作具有很强的质感。; 到那个村子去的唯一方法是乘船。; 她身着绿色羊毛套装，全身的配饰都与之配套。; 士兵必须宣誓效忠国王。; 我绝对相信他。; 实际上我并没有看见她。; 通常，我们会在要求付款的前一个月左右寄出一份通知单。; 我从来就不是个特别好学的孩子。; 这次地震是一场巨大的灾难。; 近几年来，用分期付款的办法购物十分流行。; 他被科学院开除了。; 旅游业带来数百万英镑的地方收入。; 在中世纪，宗教和炼金术密切相联。; 计划被迫在最后一刻取消。; 她只有一个儿子，是她的心肝宝贝。; 我不知道他靠薪水怎么能买得起新车。; 表面好像有些磨损。; 她的沉默被认为是承认自己有罪。; 党内缺乏凝聚力使他们在选举中失去了选票。; 她的态度相当粗暴。; 你需要用一些强力黏合剂才能修好那把椅子。; 如果我批评他，他就会寻衅大吵大闹。; 她决定要去堕胎。; 该博物馆最新购置的藏品为一尊古老的雕塑。; 教师抱怨他们花在行政工作上的时间超过了教学的时间。
