It is about aeronautics.; Unfortunately a big nose is a family characteristic.; I got a cryptic text message from Sam.; Mr. David has emphatically denied the charges.; We saw pictures of exotic birds from the jungle of Brazil.; That was clearly a deep mystical experience.; No medical worker is allowed to prescribe any narcotic drug for herself.; The tone of the meeting was very pessimistic.; She blamed me for practically every mistake in the report.; Vaccination and other prophylactic measures can be carried out.; Many experts remain skeptical of his claims.; She criticized the synthetic charm of TV hosts.; Some poisonous gases can enter the body by absorption through the skin.; There's a shortage of cheap accommodation.; Teachers complain that more of their time is taken up with administration than with teaching.; Thanks to computer animation, it is now possible to make cartoons much more quickly than in the past.; He mentioned the Japanese annexation of Korea.; I've sent off applications for four different jobs.; The author objected to the appropriation of his story by an amateur filmmaker.; Do you belong to any professional associations?; Automation of the factory has greatly increased its productivity.; Many trains are subject to cancellation because of the flooding.; The two companies are in competition.; We will send you written confirmation of our offer shortly.; It is the definition in a dictionary.; There has been a deflation of property values.; Engineers frantically cut every demolition wire they could find.; It is a scene of desolation.; You must show more discretion in choosing your friends.; This company makes no distinction between the sexes.; 这是有关于航空学的。; 不幸的是，大鼻子是家族特征。; 我收到山姆寄来的一条有隐义的简讯。; 大卫先生断然地否认了那些控诉。; 我们看到了来自于巴西热带雨林的各种奇异鸟类的照片。; 显然，那是内心深处所经历的一次神秘历程。; 医务人员不得为自己开处方使用麻醉药品。; 会议的气氛非常悲观。; 她几乎把报告里所有的错误都怪在我头上。; 可以采取疫苗接种和其他预防措施。; 很多专家对他的主张仍然持怀疑态度。; 她批评电视节目主持人矫揉做作。; 一些有毒气体可以透过皮肤吸收进入体内。; 便宜的住所供不应求。; 教师抱怨他们花在行政工作上的时间超过了教学的时间。; 有了电脑动画制作技术，现在制作动画片比过去快多了。; 他提及日本对朝鲜的并吞。; 我寄出了求职信，分别申请四份不同的工作。; 作者反对业余电影制作人盗用他的故事。; 你是哪个专业学会的？; 该厂的自动化大大提高了它的生产力。; 多趟列车因洪水而被取消。; 这两家公司在竞争。; 我们很快会给您寄去我们的报价确认书。; 这是字典上字义。; 房地产出现了贬值。; 工兵们急忙切断他们所能找到的一切地雷的引线。; 这是一片荒凉的景象。; 你择友须更谨慎。; 这间公司男女平等。
