Most bats navigate by echolocation.; The Orient equitation club is mainly for its members who like riding.; Why doesn't the President say so without equivocation?; In my estimation a lot of other banks are going to have the same problem.; It would be no exaggeration to say that her work has saved lives.; The evidence is still under examination.; After ten hours of fruitless negotiations, he stormed out of the meeting in exasperation.; She felt ill from exhaustion.; He proposed an exhibition of works of art.; I learned the song by imitation.; My own inclination would be to look for another job.; Now indoctrination in education still is influencing Chinese education.; The rules are vague and open to interpretation.; I worked all morning without interruption.; I just had an intuition that you'd been involved in an accident.; Would you care for a libation?; We are speeding up the mechanization of our agriculture.; It is well known that radiation can cause mutation.; The article was about the international aid organizations.; She is taking a drug to stimulate ovulation.; These photographs will affect people's perceptions of war.; During fever a large quantity of fluid is lost in perspiration.; The teacher didn't have done much preparation for the class.; He hates delay and procrastination in all its forms.; I've put my proposition to the company director for his consideration.; He was too upset to be rational.; We have passed a resolution to build a new laboratory.; The criminal faced segregation for unfixed periods.; There's no easy solution to this problem.; Even in our awful tribulation we were quite optimistic.; 大多数蝙蝠靠回声定位来飞行。; 骑术俱乐部以会员为主，聚集了各界的爱马人士，并对游园客人等开放。; 为什么总统不直截了当地说呢？; 据我判断，其他很多银行也将出现同样的问题。; 她的工作挽救了很多生命，这样说一点也不夸张。; 仍然在对那些证据进行调查。; 经过十个小时徒劳无功的漫长谈判，他愤然冲出会场。; 她过度劳累，终于病了。; 他提议举办美术展览会。; 我透过模仿学会了这支歌。; 我个人倾向另外找一份工作。; 目前，中国教育仍然可以看到灌输式教育的影响。; 规则很含糊，可作各种诠释。; 我整个上午都在工作，没有受到干扰。; 我只是凭直觉感到你卷入了一次意外。; 你想喝杯酒吗？; 我们正在加快农业机械化的步伐。; 众所周知，辐射可以造成基因突变。; 这篇文章是关于国际援助组织的。; 她现正服药使排卵正常。; 这些照片会影响人们对战争的看法。; 发烧时，大量水分会通过排汗而丧失。; 这位教师这堂课准备得不充足。; 他讨厌任何形式的拖延和耽搁。; 我已将我的提议交给公司主管考虑。; 他太烦了以至于无法保持理性。; 我们已通过决议建一个新实验室。; 这个罪犯面临无期隔离监禁。; 这个问题没有容易的解决办法。; 即使在极端痛苦时，我们仍十分乐观。
