He's a very stolid, serious man.; He was lying under the table in a drunken stupor.; The building's uppermost floors were engulfed with flames.; She threw her head back as if in ecstasy.; It frustrates me that I'm not able to put any of my ideas into practice.; She stretched out her hand for the dictionary.; She inherited a substantial fortune from her grandmother.; The rebel army is attempting to subvert the government.; There's one rule for her and another rule for everyone else and it's sheer hypocrisy.; A heart shape is the symbol of love.; The design of the house had a pleasing symmetry.; The need to incorporate a staircase prevented perfect symmetry.; The first movement of the symphony is beautiful.; She only asked me to her party as an afterthought.; It is an amphitheater.; He became a professional athlete at the age of sixteen.; You should bethink yourself of your duty, my lord!; She was betrothed to her cousin at an early age.; That blabbermouth always gossips about other people's affairs.; The various groups eventually fused into a single brotherhood.; The baseball game completely enthralled the crowd.; The prime minister has a blind spot on ethical issues.; I like the froth on the top of the coffee.; It is an oilcloth.; Such philanthropy is encouraged by government.; He was not slothful.; We are particularly interested in phenomena such as telepathy and levitation.; It is a mathematical theorem.; She thought he was uncouth.; August is the eighth month of the year.; 他是个极度一本正经且喜怒不形于色的人。; 他躺在桌子底下，烂醉如泥。; 办公大楼的最上面几层陷入一片火海之中。; 她仰着头，一副飘飘欲仙的样子。; 我的任何想法都无法付诸实践，这让我很灰心。; 她伸手拿字典。; 她从祖母那里继承了一笔数目可观的遗产。; 叛军试图推翻政府。; 对她是一种标准，而对所有其他人却是另一种标准，这是彻头彻尾的虚伪。; 心形是爱的象征。; 房子的设计透出一种赏心悦目的对称美。; 因为需要加进一个楼梯，就不可能完全对称了。; 这部交响乐的第一乐章是很优美的。; 她原本没有请我去参加她的聚会，只是后来才想起来的。; 它是圆形剧场。; 十六岁时他成了一名职业运动员。; 大人，你应该想一想你的职责！; 她年纪很小的时就和她表哥订了婚。; 那个大嘴巴总是在八卦别人的诽闻。; 这些不同的组织最后合并成了一个同道会。; 棒球赛使得观众们完全着了迷。; 这位首相无视道德问题。; 我喜欢咖啡表面的那层白沫。; 这是一块油布。; 这样的慈善事业得到政府的鼓励。; 他可不懒。; 我们对心灵感应及空中漂浮这样的现象特别有兴趣。; 这是数学定理。; 她觉得他没有教养。; 八月是一年中的第八个月。
