The plan to cull large numbers of baby seals has angered environmental groups.; He always fulfills his promises.; His second marriage was annulled because he never divorced his first wife.; The financial markets are in tumult.; Yoga is said to restore one's inner equilibrium.; Groups of gymnasts are having their physical training in the gymnasium.; Most of the work is fairly humdrum.; Once you push it, it keeps going under its own momentum.; Every eye at the conference was focused on the rostrum.; They argued on and on, never reaching any ultimatum.; There is abundant evidence that cars have a harmful effect on the environment.; The team remain undaunted, despite three defeats in a row.; The company has consistently underrated the importance of a well-trained workforce.; She is an undersized and malnourished girl.; It is an unkempt lawn.; He was an amateur singer.; She demanded to see the school's curriculum.; With all the snow, our daily walks have been severely curtailed.; The urban growth created many problems.; The divers checked their breathing apparatus.; She produced some bogus documents to support her application.; These councils would form the nucleus of a future regime.; The suspense is killing me.; He's very suave and sophisticated.; I keep a vigilant eye on him no matter where he goes.; John is thought to be in the Caribbean, although his exact whereabouts is a mystery.; That one kiss had whetted his appetite.; The finest edge is made with the blunt whetstone.; He wrested the letter from my grasp.; A large worm wriggled in the freshly dug earth.; 选择性捕杀大量小海豹的计划引起了环保组织的强烈愤慨。; 他总是履行自己的诺言。; 他的第二次婚姻被判无效，因为他从未与第一任妻子离婚。; 金融市场一片混乱。; 据说练瑜伽可以使人恢复内心的平静。; 几组体操运动员正在体育馆里进行体育锻炼。; 这工作大部分都相当单调。; 一旦你推动了它，它就会在自己的动量作用下持续运动。; 代表们的眼光都集注在大会讲台上。; 他们争论不休，得不出任何结论。; 有充分证据显示，汽车对环境有害。; 尽管已遭三连败，球队仍然斗志昂扬。; 这个公司一贯低估一支训练有素的员工队伍的重要性。; 她是个身材矮小且营养不良的女孩。; 这是一片无人打理的草坪。; 他是位业余的歌手。; 她要求看学校的所有课程内容。; 雪太多，我们每天的散步被大大削减。; 城市的成长产生了许多问题。; 潜水员检查了一下呼吸器。; 她制作了一些伪造的文件来支持她的申请。; 这些委员会将成为一个未来政权的核心。; 真是急死我了。; 他是非常文绉绉的，老练世故。; 无论他走到那里，我都用非常警戒的眼神盯住他。; 有人认为约翰在加勒比海，但他的确切下落仍是一个谜。; 那个吻激起了他的欲望。; 最好刀口是由钝的磨刀石磨成的。; 他从我手中夺走了那封信。; 一条大虫子在新翻过的土里蠕动。
