The temperature is very low in winter.; I am burning with curiosity.; He is worshipped as deity.; Humility is considered a virtue.; Her inability to pay the rents caused trouble.; The explosion was of such intensity that it was heard five miles away.; He admitted his liability for the accident.; This job calls for a man with a great deal of maturity.; The forecast said that there's a possibility of snow tonight.; My top priority is to find somewhere to live.; He attracted a lot of bad publicity with his speech.; She takes her responsibilities as a nurse very seriously.; The station was closed for two hours because of a security alert.; No one with sensibility would buy the book.; Political stability is essential to economic prosperity.; Without continued learning, graduates will lose their intellectual vitality.; It is the allure of working in television.; She gave him a demure smile.; The girls were duped by drug smugglers into carrying heroin for them.; The institute had paid him in advance.; They don't seem to grasp the magnitude of the problem.; Are you being deliberately obtuse?; The balloon carried two large parachutes.; The changes are seen as a prelude to wide-ranging reforms.; You must follow correct procedure at all times.; The United States remains resolutely opposed to this.; After months of solitude at sea it felt strange to be in company.; The fire won't burn because the flue is blocked up.; She cut off the best meat and threw away the residue.; He'll rue the day he married her.; 冬天的气温非常低。; 我超级想知道的。; 他被当作神明般崇拜。; 谦虚被认为是一种美德。; 她无力付房租引起了麻烦。; 爆炸的巨响五英里以外都能听见。; 他承认自己对这起事故应负责任。; 这个工作需由成熟稳重的人去做。; 天气预报说今晚可能会下雪。; 我首先要考虑的是找个地方住。; 他的演讲招致了公众的不少抨击。; 身为护士，她对自己的工作极为认真。; 由于有安全警报，车站关闭了两小时。; 没有一个有鉴赏力的人会买这本书。; 政治稳定对经济繁荣是必要的。; 如果不继续学习，毕业生就会失去思想上的活力。; 这就是在电视圈工作所具有的吸引力。; 她朝他端庄地一笑。; 这些女孩受毒品走私贩欺骗为他们运送海洛因。; 这个协会已经提前付费给他了。; 他们似乎没有领会到问题的重要性。; 你是不是故意装傻？; 这个气球有两个大型降落伞。; 这些变革被视为大范围改革的序幕。; 你必须随时按照正确的步骤操作。; 美国对此仍然坚决反对。; 在海上独居了几个月之后，对有人陪伴感到有些不适应。; 因烟道堵塞，火烧不起来。; 她切下最好的肉，把剩下的扔掉了。; 和她结婚，他会后悔的。
