I don't like the vivisection.; If you really want the promotion, you'll have to be more assertive.; He's a comparative stranger.; This drug has a cumulative effect.; He is on the executive committee.; He made one or two furtive phone calls.; She could see inquisitive faces looking out from the windows next door.; He is very inventive, always dreaming up new gadgets for the home.; It's a moving narrative of wartime adventure.; Her attitude lends a fresh perspective to the subject.; Primitive races colonized these islands two thousand years ago.; Are your opinions representative of all the workers here?; We went to a superlative restaurant.; Ladies and gentlemen, the show is about to begin.; The room was painted a subtle shade of pink.; My little sister was an awful tattletale.; The arguments for change are buttressed by events elsewhere.; Will patrons kindly note that this restaurant will be closed in July.; What's that putrid smell?; There was heavy traffic on the roads.; Recordings of conversations are transcribed and entered into the database.; The pianist transposed the song into C.; The area depends on agriculture for most of its income.; There is a pronounced curvature of the spine.; The magic of his music still enraptures us.; She majored in Horticulture after she got into college.; I bought some miniature furniture for my niece's doll's house.; Neither side in the conflict seems willing to make peace overtures.; Premature babies are kept alive in incubators.; Certain truck gasoline tanks can rupture and burn in a collision.; 我不喜欢这个活体实验。; 如果你真的希望晋升，就必须更加坚定自信地说出来。; 我不怎么认识他。; 这种药有渐增的效力。; 他是该执行委员会委员。; 他鬼鬼祟祟地打了一两个电话。; 她可以看到一张张好奇的面孔从隔壁房子的窗户向外探望。; 他很有发明才能，总是能凭空想像出一些新的家用小装置。; 这是对战时经历的感人叙述。; 她的态度为这个问题提供了新的视角。; 原始种族在两千年前开拓了这些岛屿。; 你的意见可以代表这里所有工人的想法吗？; 我们去了一家最好的餐馆。; 各位先生女士，演出就要开始了。; 房间被刷成了淡粉色。; 我姐姐是个糟糕的告密者。; 其他一些地方的事件肯定了关于变革的想法。; 各位老顾客请注意，本店将于七月暂停营业。; 是什么东西发出那股腐臭味？; 道路上车流量很大。; 谈话的录音内容由打字员记录下来，并输入资料库。; 钢琴家把这首歌改成C调。; 这个地区的大部分收入来自农业。; 脊柱有明显弯曲。; 他的音乐魔力依然让我们陶醉。; 她考上大学之后主修园艺学。; 我为侄女的玩具屋买了一些模型家具模型。; 冲突双方似乎都不愿意主动向对方示好。; 早产婴儿放在保温箱里保育。; 某些卡车的油箱在碰撞时可能发生爆裂并起火。
