The approximate cost will be about five hundred dollars.; Most people associate this brand with good quality.; I wasn't even aware that he was ill.; Did you have a reason for choosing your destination or was it arbitrary?; The arbitrators awarded the sellers three hundred dollars as damage.; The ball rose in a high arc and fell behind the boundary line.; A large number of magazines were arrayed on the stand.; The bay was still.; She felt betrayed by her mother's lack of support.; I disliked him for his arrogance.; They slowly ascended the steep path up the mountain.; The manager gave her assurance that the plan would succeed.; I'm trying to arrange my work so that I can have a couple of days off next week.; He swore he would avenge his brother's death.; The average age of the boys in this class is fifteen.; She is an expert on the archaeology of ancient Egypt.; Her hair was a dingy brown color.; She hopes to study ecology at college.; They'd made all the arrangements for the party.; Both their assessments of production costs were hopelessly inaccurate.; I have a lot of reading assignments to complete before the end of term.; This is an ancient arena.; He is the narrator of the documentary.; She said some really nasty things about him.; I found him arrogant and rude.; He was a benevolent old man and wouldn't hurt a fly.; They seem to have no coherent plan for saving the company.; The police arrested her for drinking and driving.; The high suicide rate acted as a catalyst for change in the prison system.; It's the custom to get married in white.; 費用大約為五百美元。; 大多數人把這個品牌和優良品質聯繫在一起。; 我都不知道他生病了。; 你根據甚麼選擇目的地？還是隨意選定的？; 仲裁人裁定賠償賣方三百英磅。; 球在空中高高地劃了一條弧線落在邊線外。; 報攤上擺放著很多雜誌。; 海灣裡風平浪靜。; 她覺得母親背棄了她，因為母親沒有支持她。; 我討厭他的傲慢。; 他們沿著陡峭的山路，緩緩地向上攀登。; 經理許諾她計劃會成功。; 我正設法把工作安排好，以便下週能夠休息兩天。; 他發誓要報殺兄之仇。; 這個班級中，男生的平均年齡為十五歲。; 她是位古埃及的考古學專家。; 她的頭髮呈現出一種髒兮兮的棕黑色。; 她希望在大學裡讀生態學。; 他們為聚會作好了一切準備。; 他們兩者對生產成本所作的估算都非常不準確。; 期末前我有大量閱讀功課要完成。; 這是個古代競技場。; 他是這部記錄片的旁白。; 她說了一些惡意中傷他的話。; 我覺得他這個人狂妄自大、粗魯無禮。; 他是個仁慈的老人，連一隻蒼蠅都不願傷害。; 他們似乎沒有一個協調一致的挽救公司的計畫。; 她因酒後駕車被警方拘捕。; 高自殺率促成了監獄制度的改革。; 結婚穿白紗是一種習俗。
