The figures they have used are just not accurate.; The alarm is activated by the lightest pressure.; The school is affiliated with a national association of driving schools.; Truth and beauty are abstract concepts.; What an absurd thing to say!; There is a tablet in memory of those who died.; It is hard to be an accountant.; We've accumulated so much rubbish over the years.; We can predict changes with a surprising degree of accuracy.; The problem with some of these drugs is that they are so very accessible.; A certain amount of caution is advisable at this point.; What's the best affordable restaurant in Paris?; She finally achieved her ambition to visit South America.; We could just see the train approaching in the distance.; Passing through the arch, you enter an open courtyard.; Would you like me to accompany you to your room?; Some films combine education with recreation.; The commander in chief reviewed his troops.; Interest will accrue on the account at a rate of seven percent.; She walked across the road.; Many aristocrats were killed in the French Revolution.; My brother studies in accounting.; He had a nice smile and an appealing personality.; It takes a while to get your bearings when you start a new job.; She deposited the check in her account.; He paid regular amounts of money to a charity.; She announced the winner of the competition to an excited audience.; You can't just make wild accusations like that!; The museum's latest acquisition is an ancient sculpture.; Evolution occurs as a result of adaptation to new environments.; 他們引用的數字太不準確。; 最輕微的壓力也會觸動警報器。; 這所學校隸屬於一個全國駕駛學校協會。; 真和美都是抽象的概念。; 這話多荒唐啊！; 那兒有一塊匾紀念死去的人。; 當會計師是不容易的。; 多年來我們已經堆積了這麼多的垃圾。; 我們可以出奇準確地預測變化。; 此類毒品的問題在於當中一些很容易獲取。; 此刻保持適度謹慎是明智的。; 巴黎最好的大眾餐廳是哪間？; 她終於實現了去南美洲旅遊的夢想。; 我們剛好能看到火車從遠處駛來。; 穿過拱門，你就到了天井中。; 我送你到房間去，好嗎？; 有些電影把教育與娛樂結合起來。; 總司令檢閱他的部隊。; 帳戶上的存款將會以百分之七的利率生息。; 她越過馬路。; 法國大革命中很多貴族被處死。; 我哥哥讀會計學。; 他的微笑非常迷人，個性也充滿魅力。; 剛開始做一份工作時，需要花上一段時間才能適應新環境。; 她把支票存入了帳戶。; 他定期向一家慈善機構捐錢。; 她向激動的觀眾宣佈了比賽的獲勝者。; 你不能那樣胡亂指責人！; 該博物館最新購置的藏品為一尊古老的雕塑。; 進化是生物適應新環境的結果。
