He's an integral part of the team and we can't do without him.; He is an intellectual.; I talked to him on the internal telephone.; She has that intangible quality which you might call charisma.; The new job will provide you with invaluable experience.; The committee's decision is irrevocable.; They were aware of the injustices of the system.; He firmly believes that she is innocent of the crime.; Let me give you some instances.; My job is to instruct her in English.; He is a man more noted for his intellect than his charm.; He neglects that poor dog.; His hesitation indicates unwillingness.; He found it very hard teaching a class full of indifferent teenagers.; He became very indignant when it was suggested he had made a mistake.; She was instrumental in bringing about the prison reform act.; He made a sudden movement.; Young babies obtain all the nourishment they need from their mother's milk.; She arrived to carry out a health and safety inspection of the building.; I cannot write without inspiration.; Do you have to pay extra for installation?; She had an instinctive taste for music.; The lecture was instructive and interesting.; The legislation must be applied irrespective of someone's ethnic origins.; Don't intrude in a family dispute.; He kept his life's savings under his mattress.; The recipe is given in both metric and imperial measures.; No one doubted that the president was a man of the highest integrity.; Women used to have little liberty.; Many people are opting to live in the city rather than in rural localities.; 他是球隊不可或缺的一員，沒有他我們可不行。; 他是位知識份子。; 我在內線上與他交談。; 她具有一種難以捉摸的特質，你或許會稱之為個人魅力。; 這份新工作將使你獲得寶貴的經驗。; 委員會的決定是不可撤回的。; 他們知道這種體制的不公正之處。; 他堅信她是清白的。; 讓我給你舉幾個例子。; 我的工作是教她英語。; 相比其魅力，他的才智更為人矚目。; 他對那隻可憐的狗漠不關心。; 他的猶疑表示不願意。; 他發覺教一班無動於衷的十幾歲的孩子真是頭痛。; 當有人提出他犯了錯誤時，他非常生氣。; 監獄改革條例得以出臺多虧她大力促成。; 他突然動了一下。; 嬰兒所需營養均來自母乳。; 她來對大樓進行安全衛生檢查。; 沒有靈感我寫不出東西。; 你需要額外付安裝費嗎？; 她性喜音樂。; 那次講演既有益又有趣。; 這項法律不分族裔，適用於所有人。; 不要介入家庭爭端。; 他將他一輩子的積蓄藏在床墊下。; 食譜中材料的份量均以公制和英制兩種計量方法標出。; 沒有人懷疑總裁是個光明磊落的人。; 過去婦女沒有多少自由。; 許多人選擇住在城市裡而不是農村地區。
