In his preface, the author says that he took eight years to write the book.; Her preference is for comfortable rather than stylish clothes.; Laws against racial prejudice must be strictly enforced.; No one can predict when the disease will strike again.; Is there any prospect of the weather improving?; He's never had much tact and people don't like his blunt manner.; The new law is designed to protect people's privacy.; He made little proficiency in literary accomplishments.; His tendency to exaggerate is well known.; The president is a prime target for the assassin's bullet.; We need to increase our company's profile in Asia.; My little daughter likes reciting poetry in public.; The novel deals with grand themes, but is never heavy or pretentious.; The previous owner is good.; In a prosperous country like this, no one should go hungry.; It's a matter of principle.; The queen is dressed in purple.; The stone she threw caused ripples to spread across the lake.; My predecessor worked in this job for twelve years.; She's five and a half months pregnant.; That's all for the present.; These drugs are only available on prescription.; She was overawed by the presence of so many people.; There is great public concern about some of the chemicals used in food preservation.; The changes are seen as a prelude to wide-ranging reforms.; She's managed somehow to procure his phone number.; He was prosecuted for fraud.; We're willing to pay a premium for the best location.; The pump is powered by a motor.; There are some huge pumpkins.; 在前言中，作者說他寫這本書花了八年。; 她更注重衣服的舒適性，而非時髦的款式。; 禁止種族歧視的法律必須嚴格執行。; 沒人能預見這種病甚麼時候會再次爆發。; 天氣有可能好轉嗎？; 他從來不懂甚麼處事技巧，大家都不喜歡他那生硬的態度。; 新法律旨在保護人們的隱私權。; 他在文學方面成就不多。; 他喜歡誇張是出了名的。; 總統是這名刺客的主要目標。; 我們需要擴大公司在亞洲的影響力。; 我的小女兒喜歡當眾背誦詩歌。; 這部小說探討的是重大主題，但它絕不沉悶也不矯飾。; 前主人很好。; 在這樣一個繁榮的國家裡，不應該有人挨餓。; 這是原則問題。; 皇后穿一身紫色。; 她扔了一塊石頭，湖面泛起陣陣漣漪。; 我的前任做這份工作做了十二年。; 她懷孕有五個半月了。; 暫時就講這些。; 這些藥只能憑處方購買。; 這麼多人在場，把她嚇壞了。; 民眾對一些用於保存食物的化學物表示極為擔憂。; 這些變革被視為大範圍改革的序幕。; 她不知用了甚麼方法，弄到了他的電話號碼。; 他因詐騙而被起訴。; 為了得到最好的地段，我們願意多付些錢。; 這台幫浦是靠一台馬達運作的。; 那裡有些巨大南瓜。
