We refrained from talking until we knew that it was safe.; The job is open to applicants with over two years' experience in retail.; You can remove a red wine stain from a carpet by sprinkling salt over it.; The doctor told him to go to the hospital if there was a recurrence of his symptoms.; He made the whole speech without reference.; His behavior merely reinforced my dislike of him.; He saw himself reflected in the water.; This stifles the development of the financial sector.; The winner can select any prize.; She managed to save enough money to redeem her jewelry from the pawn shop.; We tried to avoid the beds of reeds at the river curves.; The ship was wrecked on the hidden reef.; He knew nothing regarding the case.; The workers had to live on their savings.; Seemingly, she's gone to live with another man.; She had been recommended for promotion.; How did she respond to the news?; A shepherd tended the sheep.; Store fruit juice in the refrigerator.; They fled from the city in terror.; His tutor encouraged him to read widely in philosophy.; We had to recompense the peasants for the loss of their goats.; It is hoped that the dispute will be settled without recourse to litigation.; Engineers spent many months refining the software.; I have many pleasant recollections of the time we spent together.; I got the job on Sam's recommendation.; His favorite recreations are golf and playing scrabble.; The theme of freedom recurs throughout her writing.; The director has really surpassed himself with this new film.; I finally surrendered to temptation.; 我們緘默不語，直到確定安全了才開始說話。; 這份工作面向有兩年以上零售經驗的應徵者。; 地毯上紅酒的汙漬可以撒鹽來清除。; 醫生告訴他，如果症狀復發的話就得去醫院。; 他在沒有任何參考的情況下，完成了整個演講。; 他的行為只能使我更討厭他。; 他在水中看到了自己的影像。; 這遏制了金融部門的發展。; 獲勝者可以選擇任何獎品。; 她設法存夠了錢，把自己的首飾從當鋪贖了回來。; 我們試圖避開河彎處的蘆葦灘。; 那艘船撞到暗礁沉沒了。; 關於這個案子他一無所知。; 工人們只好靠原有的積蓄生活。; 看樣子，她去和另外一個男人同居了。; 已經有人推薦給她升職。; 她聽了這消息有甚麽反應？; 牧羊人照顧羊群。; 把水果汁儲存在冰箱裡。; 他們驚恐萬分地逃離該市。; 他的家教鼓勵他廣泛閱讀哲學著作。; 我們得賠償農民損失的山羊。; 人們希望這場爭端能夠不透過對簿公堂在私下解決。; 工程師們花了數月來完善這個軟體。; 我們一起度過的時光給我留下了許多美好的回憶。; 我是透過山姆的推薦得到這份工作的。; 他最喜歡的消遣方式是打高爾夫球和玩拼字遊戲。; 自由這一主題在她的寫作中反復出現。; 這位導演憑藉這部新電影實現了真正的自我超越。; 我最後還是抵擋不住誘惑。
