He had the thickest neck.; He's terribly finicky about his food.; We'll have to walk quickly to get there on time.; She scrambled along the rocky path.; These files need to be classified.; Mr. Black has been a client of this firm for many years.; He went on to study music, specializing in the clarinet.; There was an interesting article on vegetarianism in the paper yesterday.; The book chronicles the writer's coming to terms with his illness.; The officer commanded his men to shoot.; We are committed to withdrawing our troops by the end of the year.; There is no real reason for complaint.; The compass was first used in sailing.; Firmly compress the soil in the pot so that the plant is secure.; The judge commended her on her bravery.; He confided to her that his hair was not his own.; How you choose to conduct your private life is your own business!; Congress represents special interests.; To conserve electricity, we are cutting down on our heating.; There's a marked contrast between his character and hers.; It is my considered opinion that he should be promoted.; This mug is made of copper.; The Democrats were outvoted, as usual.; They have hopes of increasing trade between the two regions.; The player had points deducted for arguing with the referee.; Both buildings were affected by the fire.; Our company has agencies in major cities of the country.; Even the presidency was handed to him on a plate.; The path descended steeply into the valley.; Traditionally, the president designates his or her successor.; 他有超粗脖子。; 他吃东西十分挑剔。; 我们要走快一点才能准时赶到那儿。; 她沿着一条崎岖的小道攀爬。; 这些档案需要备分类。; 布莱克先生是这家公司多年的老主顾。; 他继续学习音乐，主攻单簧管。; 昨天报纸上登了一篇关于素食主义的有趣文章。; 这本书记述了作者慢慢学会忍受自己病痛的前后过程。; 军官命令他的手下射击。; 我们承诺将于年底前撤军。; 没有什么可抱怨的理由。; 罗盘首先用在航海上。; 把盆里的泥土压实以固定植物。; 法官称赞了她的勇敢。; 他向她透露他的头发是假发。; 你选择怎么过你的私生活是你自己的事！; 国会代表着特殊的利益集团。; 为了省电，我们在减少中央供热。; 他的性格与她形成了鲜明对比。; 仔细考虑后我认为他应该获得晋升。; 这个马克杯是用铜做的。; 民主党如往常一样获得胜利。; 他们希望增进两个地区之间的贸易。; 那名运动员因与裁判发生争执而被扣分。; 两座楼都在大火中受损。; 我们公司在国内主要城市都设有代理机构。; 他甚至连总统之位都是得来全不费工夫。; 这条路很陡，一直通到山谷。; 按照传统，总统要选定其接班人。
