I feel as if I've accomplished nothing since I left my job.; She was accomplished in all the arts.; They looked astonished when I announced I was pregnant.; The economy has been badly administered by the present government.; A tunnel was to be blasted through the mountains.; More money is needed to bolster the industry.; Her life is dramatic.; She swept her hair back dramatically.; Many employees have had to take drastic cuts in pay.; There is great public concern about some of the chemicals used in food preservation.; The company had made projections of sales of three thousand aircraft.; He'd fly into a rage at the slightest provocation.; Older people tend to be more conservative.; They're not being very cooperative.; I think that theory is defective.; Having small children really restricts your social life.; When questioned on TV, he retracted his allegations.; They could look at the spectra of the light the moons reflected.; She had some exciting adventures in Egypt.; The area depends on agriculture for most of its income.; Caricatures are usually done for amusement or satire.; He attracted a lot of bad publicity with his speech.; The station was closed for two hours because of a security alert.; I should have warned you about her sensitivity to criticism.; The company pollutes the environment.; He was prosecuted for fraud.; I was rebuked by my manager for being late.; The bulb has burned out.; She eased her large bulk out of the chair.; Some aircraft are designed to carry bulky freight or vehicles.; 我覺得辭掉工作以後就一直在虛度光陰。; 她精通各門藝術。; 我宣佈我懷孕的消息時，他們看上去很吃驚。; 現任政府一直不擅長經濟工作。; 要在群山中開鑿一條隧道。; 需要更多的錢來扶持該行業。; 她的人生很戲劇化。; 她誇張地把頭髮向後一甩。; 許多員工不得不接受大幅降薪。; 民眾對一些用於保存食物的化學物表示極為擔憂。; 該公司已預測銷售三千架飛機。; 哪怕是稍稍惹他一下他都會勃然大怒。; 上年紀的人往往比較保守。; 他們不肯合作。; 我認為那種理論有缺陷。; 家裡有很小的孩子確實會妨礙你的社交生活。; 在接受電視採訪時，他收回了他以前的說法。; 他們可以觀察月亮反射的光的光譜。; 她在埃及經歷了一些很刺激的奇遇。; 這個地區的大部分收入來自農業。; 漫畫通常用來取樂或諷刺。; 他的演講招致了公眾的不少抨擊。; 由於有安全警報，車站關閉了兩小時。; 我早該警告你，她對別人的批評十分敏感。; 這間公司汙染環境。; 他因詐騙而被起訴。; 我因為遲到而遭到經理的訓斥。; 燈泡燒壞了。; 她緩緩地將她那龐大的身軀從椅子上挪開。; 有些飛機設計得能運載體積大的貨物或車輛。
