It is unclear how to mitigate the effects of tourism on the island.; Many kinds of plants, trees and grasses need bees to pollinate them.; Fourteen percent of primate species are highly endangered.; After three days in Japan, the spinal column becomes extraordinarily flexible.; He has vowed to oversee the elections impartially.; The main weakness of the proposal is conceptual.; The signature was still legible.; Certain types of sandstone are permeable to water.; As your baby grows bigger, his bones become less pliable.; We left our dog at the kennel when we went away.; Some enterprising girls organized a sponsored walk.; The snake injects the venom immediately after biting its prey.; What I didn't expect was a bandmaster!; The potter carefully shaped the vase.; This woodwork was finished by hand by a cabinetmaker.; I didn't like the way the film glorified war.; A funeral can amplify the feelings of regret and loss for the relatives.; He clarified his stand on the issue.; The white fur of the polar bear is a natural camouflage.; He's just fit for a job as scavenger.; Stringent safety regulations were introduced after the accident.; Meteorology is the science of the weather.; No longer can biologists be content simply to study morphology.; She was a child prodigy on the violin.; Circus monkeys are trained to be very docile and obedient.; Eggs that are scrambled and eaten with toast are typically unfertilized.; The little animals fossilized and are now embedded in the limestone.; I saw before me an idyllic life.; The earth is not perfectly spherical.; Many scientists are studying of the tectonics.; 人们还不清楚如何减轻旅游业对这个岛屿的影响。; 很多植物、树木以及草地都需要蜜蜂来进行传播花粉。; 百分之十四的灵长类物种处于高度濒危状态。; 在日本三天，就已经使脊椎骨变得富有弹性了。; 他已宣誓公平公正地监督竞选。; 这项提议的主要不足是在构思方面。; 签名仍清晰可辨。; 某些类型的砂岩可透水。; 随着宝宝的成长，其骨骼的柔软性会降低。; 我们外出时把狗放在狗窝里。; 几个有魄力的女子筹办了一项慈善步行活动。; 毒蛇咬住猎物之后马上注入毒液。; 我万万没想到会有乐队指挥！; 那个陶艺家精心地制作了这个花瓶。; 此木制品由细工木匠手工完成。; 我不喜欢那部电影美化战争的手法。; 葬礼可以渲染生者痛失亲人的哀悼之情。; 他澄清了他在该问题上的立场。; 北极熊身上的白色的浓密软毛是一种天然的伪装。; 他只配当个清道夫。; 事故之后制定了严格的安全规范。; 气象学是关于天气的科学。; 生物学家不再满足于简单地研究形态学。; 她是神童小提琴手。; 马戏团的猴子被训练得服服贴贴的。; 我们吃的或炒的鸡蛋一般来说是未受精的鸡蛋。; 这个小动物变成化石后，现在嵌入在石灰石里。; 展现在我眼前的是充满诗情画意的生活。; 地球不是个正球体。; 许多科学家在研究构造地质学。
