The report said that the victims had suffocated in the fumes.; Hotel guests are requested to vacate their rooms by noon.; The data is validated automatically by the computer after it has been entered.; The president's speech was greeted by sustained applause.; Bad books will taint the young mind.; Despite the critical acclaim, the novel did not sell well.; Keep your letter succinct and to the point.; I don't think he intended her any disrespect.; We got the Post Office to redirect our mail when we moved.; Molten volcanic lava solidifies as it cools.; I have always found the thought of eternity terrifying.; The new leader hopes to unify the country.; He was appointed to superintend the toy department.; The paint we're using for the bathroom is white with a yellow tint.; The barn was infested with rats.; This mask leaves your complexion feeling soft and supple.; She is an ardent disciple of Gandhi.; The product provided inadequate vitamin and mineral supplementation.; Months are a conventional subdivision of the year.; White was both visionary and rationalist.; He brought a tremendous infusion of hope to the people.; Never in his life had he gazed on such splendor.; Stay away from a spiny cactus.; They do their own cooking, spinning, and woodworking.; Billie Holiday was famous for singing the blues.; As employers we need to be seen to be addressing these issues sympathetically.; She is suing her husband for divorce.; Tramps are from the lowest stratum of society.; She longed for something to relieve the tedium of everyday life.; Magnesium is the nutrient element in plant growth.; 报告说那些受害者是被烟熏死的。; 饭店房客务请在中午之前退房。; 资料登录后，电脑会自动识别其有效性。; 总统的演讲博得了持续不停的掌声。; 坏书会毒害年轻人的思想。; 虽然这本小说在评论界赢得赞誉，但并不畅销。; 信一定要写得简明扼要。; 我认为他对她没有不敬的意思。; 搬家后我们让邮局给我们转寄邮件。; 火山熔岩冷却后变成固体。; 我向来觉得永生的想法很可怕。; 新领袖希望把国家统一起来。; 他获任玩具部的主管。; 我们刷浴室的涂料是白色的，但有点偏黄。; 谷仓里到处都是老鼠。; 这种面膜能使你的皮肤变得柔软细嫩。; 她是甘地的忠实追随者。; 这种产品不能充分补充维生素和矿物质。; 通常可将一年再按月细分。; 怀特既有远见又充满理性。; 他给人们带来巨大希望。; 他生平从没有见过如此辉煌壮丽的场面。; 远离多刺仙人掌。; 他们自己做饭，纺纱，做木工活。; 比莉哈乐黛以演唱蓝调闻名。; 作为雇主，我们需要让大家知道我们在处理这些问题时富有同情心。; 她正在和丈夫打官司要求离婚。; 流浪汉来自社会最下层。; 她渴望有什么事情能排解她日常生活中的烦闷。; 镁是植物生长的营养要素。
