He spoke with a pronounced English accent.; The political situation was now relatively quiescent.; What relevance does that point have to the discussion?; Good humor is a promoter of friendship.; There is a tavern at the corner of the street.; She's an attorney who advises companies about mergers and takeovers.; Diet varies between different countries in the world.; It is purified water.; The two older children tend to vie with the younger one for their mother's attention.; Society has changed so profoundly over the last fifty years.; Health and safety rules are routinely ignored.; She picked up a metal bar and waved it threateningly.; He proofread completed letters very carefully.; We must retool the town's economy.; It is a woollen scarf.; A craze is a thin platelike region.; The duke plotted to supplant the king.; We used a plank to cross the ditch.; Quails' eggs are considered to be a delicacy.; The old lady sequestered herself from all strangers.; Isabella had been taught unquestioning obedience.; Freud is known as the father of psychoanalysis.; Johnny was the most persistent and most harmless of her admirers.; They were united in their insistence that she should go to college.; This is a system of water purification.; The atomization process is more sensitive to disturbance than vaporization.; Our overseas subsection is based in the Bahamas.; The police must obtain a warrant from a judge in order to search a house.; A true warrior values glory and honor above life.; Such policies had worked brilliantly in postwar Europe and Japan.; 他说话带着浓重的英国口音。; 政治形势目前暂时平静。; 那一点和我们正在讨论的议题有甚么相关性吗？; 良好的幽默感能促进友谊。; 街道的拐角处有一家酒馆。; 她是一位律师，提供公司合并、收购方面的谘询服务。; 世界各国的饮食各不相同。; 它是纯净水。; 两个大一点的孩子正在和小的争宠，都想博得妈妈的注意。; 在过去的五十年里，社会发生了极度重大的变化。; 卫生和安全法规经常被忽视。; 她捡起一根金属棍，威胁地挥了挥。; 他把完成的书信很小心地校对。; 我们必须对乡镇经济进行重组。; 它是条羊毛围巾。; 小裂纹是一个类似薄片的区域。; 公爵阴谋取代国王的地位。; 我们利用一块木板跨过了沟。; 鹌鹑蛋被视为美味的佳肴。; 那位老太太隐退起来不见任何陌生人。; 伊莎贝拉被教导要无条件服从。; 佛洛德是广为人知的心理分析学的鼻祖。; 约翰是追她的人中最痴心、最没有心机的一个。; 他们一致坚持她应上大学。; 这是水净化系统。; 雾化过程比汽化过程对扰动更为敏感。; 我们的海外分部设在巴哈马群岛。; 警察必须从法官处取得搜查令才可搜查房子。; 一个真正的勇士珍视荣誉胜过生命。; 这种政策在战后的欧洲和日本成效卓著。
