Red and white predominate in these flowers.; The celebration of the centenary will culminate with a dinner.; The study pointed out that over twenty million adult Americans are semiliterate.; His sculptural arts flew his own colors.; The national interest is more important than any sectional or personal interests.; He attends school sporadically.; This aria is soft and melodious.; Small armored forces had reconnoitered the area.; A caterpillar is the larva of a butterfly.; Her mistakes looked easily reparable.; Her death is an irreparable loss to the firm.; The factory is no longer economically viable.; It is a misconception that Peggy was fabulously wealthy.; There is already a high level of environmental contamination.; Jack's elders disliked him because he was such a flagrant nonconformist.; The earth's magnetosphere is at once protective and dangerous.; She has a lovely serene face.; This is a school for children with severe learning difficulties.; Water is dripping from that leaky faucet.; It is a weaverbird.; It was pleasing to know that the presentation had gone so well.; The hem on her skirt needs sewing.; You can see many remnants of the Roman civilization in Italy.; The offer of free credit tempted her into buying a new car.; I did a bit of fencing while I was at college.; My son put on a suspender pants.; All parts are machined from top grade, high tensile aluminium.; He is revered for his brave fight against apartheid.; Today this company is one of the world's largest diversified chemical companies.; It is a very good synthesizer.; 这些花中大部分是红色和白色的。; 百年庆典活动将在宴会中宣告结束。; 该项研究指出，超过两千万的美国成年人是半文盲。; 他的雕刻技艺独树一帜。; 国家利益高于局部或个人利益。; 他上学时断时续。; 这首独唱曲流畅而圆润。; 一小批装甲部队已对这一地区进行了侦察。; 毛毛虫是蝴蝶的幼虫。; 她所犯的错误似乎也不是无可补救。; 她的去世对公司是不可弥补的损失。; 这个工厂在经济上已经维持不下去了。; 人们误以为佩姬相当有钱。; 环境污染的程度已经很高。; 杰克的长辈不喜欢他，因为他这样公开地违反了他们心目中的生活准则。; 地球的磁层既具有保护的功能，却又极其危险。; 她长着一张可爱而安详的脸。; 这是一所为有严重学习障碍的孩子设立的学校。; 水正从有漏洞的水龙头滴下来。; 它是只织巢鸟。; 得知报告进行得如此顺利，真令人欣慰。; 她裙子上的褶边需要缝一缝。; 在义大利，你可以看到许多罗马文明的遗迹。; 免费赠送汽车音响让她禁不住诱惑买了一辆新车。; 我在大学时偶尔玩玩击剑。; 我儿子穿上一件吊带裤。; 所有零件都是用顶级高延展性的铝加工而成。; 他与种族隔离制度进行了无畏斗争，赢得了世人的崇敬。; 今天这个工厂已成为世界最大的多样化的化学公司之一。; 这是一个很好的合成器。
