The owners intend to raze the hotel and erect an office building.; Refrigerate any leftovers.; They segregate you from the rest of the community.; The company will continue to increase rentable area.; The bomb reduced the house to rubble.; They have been herding cattle on the tableland for generations.; This program is a rebroadcast.; This part of the vertebrate brain has two divisions.; The grass was a vibrant green.; Gandhi renounced the use of violence.; A stick of celery does not provide much sustenance.; Despite being a busy city, Dublin has the ambience of a country town.; Residents are given four separate receptacles for their rubbish.; The spectacle of the icicle in the cave is amazing.; One octopus has eight tentacles.; This recipe should be sufficient for five people.; A couple of ravens croaked above our boat.; The volcano spewed molten lava.; He was like a lunatic reigning in a madhouse over an imaginary kingdom.; Her rendering of the song was delightful.; In the wind, the three oaks appeared staggering on the slope.; The most important step is to reorient the direction of the new building.; Very little forest is left unexplored nowadays.; A horde of children ran over the office building.; I heard the raucous call of the crows.; Growing boys have ravenous appetites.; Wind surfing can be strenuous but immensely exciting.; A lot of money are spent by retailers on advertising.; The people revolted against foreign rule and established their own government.; The mountain air will rejuvenate you.; 业主打算夷平酒店并建立一座办公大楼。; 把剩菜都冰起来。; 他们把你与社团的其他成员隔离开。; 公司将持续增长可出租面积。; 炸弹把这座房屋炸成了一堆瓦砾。; 他们世世代代在这高原上放牧。; 这节目是重播。; 脊椎动物脑子的这一部分可分为两部分。; 草地绿意盎然。; 甘地声明放弃使用暴力。; 一把芹菜提供不了多少营养。; 尽管都柏林是一个繁忙的城市，但颇有乡村城镇的情调。; 每家每户都发了四个不同的容器来存放垃圾。; 这个洞穴里的冰柱让人叹为观止。; 一条章鱼有八根触角。; 这份食谱应该足够五个人吃。; 两只渡鸦在我们小船的上空嘎嘎叫着。; 火山喷出了熔岩。; 他好似一个在疯人院里统治着一个想象王国的精神病人。; 她对这首歌曲的演绎欢快怡人。; 在风中，坡上的三棵橡树像是摇晃欲倒似的。; 最重要的一个步骤是给这座新建筑物重定方向。; 如今，未被勘查的森林是少之又少了。; 一大群孩子在办公大楼里到处奔跑。; 我听到那些乌鸦刺耳的叫声。; 正在长大的男孩子食量很大。; 风帆冲浪可能紧张吃力，但却非常刺激。; 零售商花许多钱登广告。; 人们奋起反抗外来统治，并成立了自己的政府。; 山里的空气会使你恢复活力。
