We must get rid of these pestilential flies.; Ghosts and evil spirits are supernatural.; A kite is a quadrilateral with one line of symmetry.; Autism is a heritable neurological disorder.; The problem with some of these drugs is that they are so very accessible.; What's the best affordable restaurant in Paris?; The room has a nice cozy feel.; They seem to have no coherent plan for saving the company.; The chair collapsed under her weight.; He is as strong as oxen.; As the day goes on, the pollen dries up and becomes hard.; She began to summarize the salient features of the proposal.; You have to go through an initiation rite before you become a full member.; She keeps all her important papers in a fireproof safe.; The train service was disorganized by fog.; He looks good in the trilby.; My mother takes three or four pills a day.; They are crystals of silica.; Peter's most impressive quality was his innate goodness.; It is part of a teacher's job to instil confidence into his or her students.; They soon became fully integrated into the local community.; I saw her in a towering rage only once.; She was a surpassingly beautiful woman.; The region had been protected by its forbidding geography; The oak was two meters in girth.; He was a familiar figure on the lecture circuit.; His letter confirmed everything.; He wanted to escape from the provincialism of the small university where he taught.; Their claim is being treated with some skepticism in UN.; Religious symbolism is very characteristic of the paintings of this period.; 我们得把这些可恶的苍蝇消灭掉。; 幽灵和魔鬼都是超自然的。; 风筝是个有一条对称线的四边形。; 自闭症是一种可遗传的神经系统疾病。; 此类毒品的问题在于当中一些很容易获取。; 巴黎最好的大众餐厅是哪间？; 这房间给人非常温暖舒适的感觉。; 他们似乎没有一个协调一致的挽救公司的计划。; 椅子承受不了她的重量而倒榻了。; 他健壮得如牛一样。; 日子一天天过去，花粉干结成了硬块。; 她开始总结提议中显著的要点。; 你得完成入会仪式才能成为正式会员。; 她把所有重要的文件都保存在一个防火的保险箱里。; 火车交通因雾无法正常运作。; 他带那个软毡帽很好看。; 我妈妈每天吃三至四颗药。; 它们是矽石晶体。; 彼得给人印象最深的品质是他天生的善良。; 教师的部分职责是逐渐培养学生的信心。; 他们很快就完全融入了当地人的圈子。; 我只有一次见过她大发雷霆。; 她是个漂亮出众的女人。; 这个地区令人生畏的地理条件使它受到保护。; 这棵橡树围长两公尺。; 他是巡回讲学中的座上常客。; 他的信证实了一切。; 他所执教是一所规模很小的大学，他想摆脱存在于其中的地方主义桎梏。; 联合国方面对他们的要求持某种怀疑态度。; 宗教象征手法是这个时期绘画的重要特征。
