The talks were dependent on a renunciation of terrorism.; In a moment of aberration, she agreed to go with him.; As a born performer, she loves the excitement and she loves the adulation.; She has so many little affectations.; It was a war of attrition.; Before the court case, we had to give a deposition.; A depreciation of a currency's value makes imports more expensive and exports cheaper.; The couple have requested special dispensation from the Church to allow them to marry.; The movie was about a group of robots set on world domination.; This plan shows the front, side, and back elevations of the new supermarket.; There were no plans to reopen extradition proceedings against him.; This story is total fabrication.; This is an irritation and inflammation of the edge of the eyelid.; The exploit machination is in backward status in tourism research usually.; Have you considered all the ramifications of your suggestion?; He tried to explain the scientific rationale behind his work.; Stagnation in home sales is holding back economic recovery.; This change has brought with it consumptive habit changes.; We're a very demonstrative family.; If you're constipated you may need a laxative.; He made two abortive attempts on the French throne.; She has an authoritative manner that at times is almost arrogant.; There are no definitive answers to this problem.; His painting is very derivative.; He glanced furtively at the stolid faces of the two detectives.; The European Parliament will have greater legislative powers.; Make sure students realize that fat is a pejorative word.; The putative leader of the terrorist cell was arrested yesterday.; The actor was considered as a mettlesome dramatic performer.; Stop your prattling and go to sleep!; 会谈以放弃恐怖主义为前提。; 她一反常态，竟然答应跟他一起去了。; 她是个天生的表演家，喜欢刺激，爱听吹捧。; 她身上有好多娇柔做作的小毛病。; 这是一场消耗战。; 开庭之前我们必须提供书面证词。; 一国货币的贬值会使其进口更贵，出口更便宜。; 那两个人请求教会特许他们结婚。; 这部电影讲述的是一伙机器人试图征服世界的故事。; 该示意图展示的是新超市的正、侧、后三面的正视图。; 没有计划要对他重启引渡程序。; 这种说法纯属捏造。; 这是眼睑边缘红肿发炎的症状。; 旅游地开发策划历来在旅游研究领域里处于比较滞后的地位。; 你考虑过你的建议可能带来的各种后果吗？; 他尝试解释他工作背后的科学原理。; 国内销售的停滞不前正阻碍着经济复苏。; 这种变化还带来了消费习惯的变化。; 我们是一个开朗外向的家庭。; 便秘时可服用泻药。; 他两次企图登上法国王位，结果都以失败告终。; 她爱发号施令，有时几乎到了盛气凌人的地步。; 这个问题没有决定性的答案。; 他的油画有很重的模仿痕迹。; 他偷偷地瞄了一下两名侦探面无表情的脸孔。; 欧洲议会将获得更大的立法权。; 一定要让学生明白肥胖是贬损词。; 被认定为该恐怖组织头目的人昨天被警方逮捕了。; 这个演员被认为是个勇敢的戏剧演员。; 你们别闲扯了，睡觉去吧！
