The whole speech was platitudinous nonsense.; The newspapers once again filled their columns with salacious details.; He doesn't live in a very salubrious part of town.; She is saponaceous.; She is as gifted as sedulous.; The sonorous voice of the speaker echoed round the room.; Their marriage ended eight years ago in an acrimonious divorce.; He was a cruel and capricious tyrant.; She gave a contemptuous little laugh.; She has some very contentious views on education.; They drank copious amounts of wine.; His manner, as ever, was decorous.; These drugs have a proven deleterious effect on the nervous system.; He's just being facetious.; The timing of the meeting is certainly fortuitous.; He is really too garrulous.; Emma's a gregarious, outgoing sort of person.; Japan is a wealthy, homogenous, developed nation with a stable political system.; He's so impetuous.; Are there any species of frog indigenous to the area?; High blood pressure is an insidious condition which has few symptoms.; We should make judicious use of the resources available to us.; The grandsons such have been big, but is also loquacious!; She gave me a lugubrious face.; The team's manager was magnanimous in victory, and praised the losing team.; She has a few nebulous ideas about what she might want to do in the future, but nothing definite.; My father believes you all have a nefarious purpose here.; They died from inhaling noxious fumes.; He's an officious little man and widely disliked in the company.; She found the duties of motherhood onerous.; 整篇演讲都是陈腐的废话。; 赤裸裸的猥亵细节再度充斥了报纸的版面。; 他住的地方是镇上不太适宜居住的地方。; 她是口齿伶俐的。; 她不但有天赋，而且勤奋。; 那位演讲人响亮的声音在室内回荡。; 八年前，他们的婚姻以激烈的离婚收场。; 他是个残忍而又反覆无常的暴君。; 她鄙视地轻轻笑了笑。; 她对教育持有一些颇具争议的看法。; 他们喝了好多酒。; 他和往常一样彬彬有礼。; 已证实这些药物对神经系统有危害作用。; 他只是在乱开玩笑。; 这次会议的时机真是太巧了。; 他真的是太唠叨了。; 艾玛是个喜欢交际、性情爽直的人。; 日本是一个富裕的同质型发达国家，政治体制稳定。; 他太冲动了。; 这个地区是否有本地品种的青蛙？; 高血压是一种鲜少症状的潜伏性疾病。; 我们应当审慎使用现有的资源。; 孙子们都这么大了，还这么多嘴！; 她给我一付愁眉苦脸的样子。; 球队主教练在胜利后展现风度，称赞了落败的对手。; 她对自己将来要做什么有些模糊的想法，但都不确定。; 我父亲认为你们都有邪恶的目的。; 他们吸入有毒烟雾致死。; 他是个自以为是的小个子男人，在公司里大家都不喜欢他。; 她发现做妈妈任务艰巨。
