Aromatic herbs are often used in cooking.; He is more didactic in his approach to the learning process.; This is a formal eulogistic composition.; The new building has little aesthetic value.; The field of aesthetics presents an especially difficult problem to the historian.; Although he was raised a Catholic, he was an agnostic for most of his adult life.; Young people today are so apathetic about politics.; Many writers at this time held rigidly dogmatic views.; He has an eclectic taste in literature.; The familiar form of the kinetic energy will not do.; I'm particularly interested in the linguistic development of young children.; Newton published his first work on optics.; His lecture was so pedantic and uninteresting.; She is a peripatetic music teacher.; They're pragmatic about the spending cuts.; Oil prices have remained static for the last few months.; Adjuration prohibits the false conduct propaganda of the products.; It may be observed that this bifurcation phenomenon is somewhat abstract.; He is a master at circumlocution.; We were amazed to hear the witness's denunciation of the accused.; Any derogation of the common law is to be strictly construed.; The company suffered a diminution in profits.; Divination is made up of a little error and superstition, plus a lot of fraud.; There are classes in movement, dance, and improvisation.; An increase in the energy of the electrons increases the probability of ionization.; The whole body made a disorderly irruption into her room.; Breast infections occur during lactation.; That plant seems to be dying in spite of all my ministrations.; Her luxurious lifestyle and personal ostentation were both hated and envied.; Ever since she was a child, she has had a predilection for spicy food.; 芳草常用于烹调。; 他在教学过程中侧重于灌输。; 这是一篇正式的颂扬性文章。; 新楼几乎没有什么美学价值。; 美学领域向历史学家提出了一个格外困难的问题。; 他虽然从小接受的是天主教教育，但成年后基本上是个不可知论者。; 现在的年轻人太不关心政治。; 这时期有很多作家固执己见。; 他对文学有广泛的兴趣。; 通常形式的动能将不适用。; 我对幼儿语言能力的发展尤其感兴趣。; 牛顿出版了他的第一部光学著作。; 他的讲座学究气太浓，没意思。; 她是位流动的音乐教师。; 他们在削减开支方面很务实。; 过去几个月里油价保持稳定。; 严令禁止这些产品的虚假宣传。; 可以发现，分支现象有点抽象。; 他讲话很会兜圈子。; 听了证人对被告的指责，我们大吃一惊。; 对一般法律的任何删减必须经过严格的解释。; 该公司处于利润萎缩的境况。; 占卜是由一些谬误和迷信构成，再加上大量的欺骗。; 有音乐、舞蹈和即兴表演方面的课程。; 增加电子能量，会增加电离机率。; 这一大堆人莽莽撞撞地拥进了他的房间。; 乳房感染发生于哺乳期。; 不管我怎么细心照顾，那株植物看起来还是快要死去的样子。; 她奢侈的生活方式和自我炫耀令人又恨又妒。; 从孩提时起，她就偏好辛辣食物。
