Drinking tea can inebriate people in summer.; The police subjected him to an inquisition that lasted twelve hours.; The pain destroyed their soul and froze their mind in insentient panic.; Abraham was able to act as interpreter and interlocutor for our group.; The interpolation appears to have been inserted very soon after the original text was finished.; It is equally impossible that we should behold such interposition in any form with indifference.; The tear is intoxicant.; After the inundation , things were scatter about in a mess everywhere.; There were politicians who inveighed against immigrants to get votes.; What's the difference between atrophy and involution?; He's always making inane remarks.; I was so incensed by what he was saying I had to walk out.; He became very indignant when it was suggested he had made a mistake.; The amounts of radioactivity present were infinitesimal.; John's most impressive quality was his innate goodness.; Are you insinuating that I'm losing my nerve?; He's an insipid old bore.; He is an insolent child.; The instigators of the disturbance have not yet been identified.; Troops could be ferried in to interdict drug shipments.; Now the house is in pristine condition.; I found the restrictions irksome.; The atavism appears in the crisscross inheritance as well as in the other genetic way.; Like it or not, bilingualism is here to stay.; Whoever rejects it does of necessity fly to anarchy or to despotism.; One patient died of pulmonary embolism.; It is neo-paganism.; His religious philosophy tends towards pantheism.; She's not known for her altruism.; It is an old aphorism.; 夏季饮茶不当也会让人有醉的感觉。; 警察对他进行了长达十二小时的盘问。; 痛苦毁灭了他们的灵魂，把他们的思维冰冻在无知觉的恐惧之中。; 亚伯拉罕可以充当我们小组的口译员和代言人。; 插补文字似乎是在原文完成后不久被补充进来的。; 我们对于这种干涉，不论何种方式，都不能熟视无睹。; 这眼泪是醉人的。; 洪水过后，满处都是狼藉的景象。; 有些政客透过猛烈抨击移民来获取选票。; 萎缩和退化的区别是什么？; 他老是发表愚蠢空洞的言论。; 我被他说的话激怒了，愤然离席。; 当有人提出他犯了错误时，他非常生气。; 存在的放射量极小。; 约翰给人印象最深的品质是他天生的善良。; 你是在暗示我胆怯了吗？; 他是个无聊讨厌的老头子。; 他是个傲慢无礼的孩子。; 目前还未确定谁是这次骚乱事件的煽动者。; 可以把军队渡运过来阻截毒品的装运。; 现在，这间房子一尘不染。; 我对那些限制感到很烦。; 隔代遗传既出现在交叉遗传当中，也出现在其它遗传当中。; 无论如何，我们的双语政策将不会改变。; 谁否认它，谁就必然走向无政府或专制。; 一位病人死于肺动脉阻塞。; 这是新异教主义。; 他的宗教思想倾向于泛神论。; 她并不是一个无私的人。; 这是一句老格言。
