Guano is often used as a fertilizer.; The wool comes from the famous Merino sheep.; He wasn't his usual ebullient self.; She's one of those effervescent personalities.; Abide operation regulation, forbid peccant operation.; He is a perfect type of pedant.; I've told her she should stay at home and rest but she's adamant that she's coming.; We should be cognizant of the fact that every complaint is not a justified complaint.; It is a diffident manner.; He is a man of eminent good sense.; The song was banned on the grounds that it might foment racial tension.; Most of the cash went on supporting his opulent lifestyle.; It was hard to be angry with him when he looked so penitent.; The mountain air was redolent with the scent of pine needles.; She is a virulent critic of US energy policy.; As I studied these terms, I had an epiphany.; The incumbent party experienced the ignominy of total defeat in the last election.; The reverse process may proceed at the anode.; We discovered the rich lode bellied out.; I managed to cajole her out of leaving too early.; If the government is seen to condone violence, the bloodshed will never stop.; Why are you so morose these days?; We have not been able to make much of an inroad into the backlog of work.; Shall we broach another cask of wine?; Gas bubbles coalesce to grow as they rise.; The idea was first mooted long ago.; This was a corpulent farmer.; Tim was not likely to forswear the faith of a lifetime.; It's the world's most popular oratorio.; American and English orthography are very much alike.; 海鸟粪常用来作肥料。; 这羊毛产自于著名的美丽诺绵羊。; 一向热情洋溢的他一反常态，好像换了个人似的。; 她是那种很会活跃气氛的人。; 遵守操作规程，严禁违章操作。; 他是个十足的书呆子典型。; 我告诉过她应该在家里休息，可她坚持要来。; 我们应该认识到并非每一桩投诉都是合理的。; 这是个羞怯的举止。; 他是个极其明智的人。; 这首歌因可能挑起种族冲突被禁播了。; 大部分现金都花在了维系他挥金如土的生活方式上。; 当时他看来是那么懊悔，很难对他发火。; 山里的空气弥漫着松针的芳香。; 她是美国外交政策狠毒的批评者。; 在研究这些词语时，我突然顿悟了。; 执政党在上次选举中蒙受了大败的耻辱。; 相反的过程也会在阳极上发生。; 我们发现丰富的矿脉突然增大了。; 我设法说服了她不要太早离开。; 一旦认定政府纵容暴力，那流血事件就永远不会停止。; 你这几天为什么总是闷闷不乐？; 我们在处理积压事务方面没有太多进展。; 我们再开瓶葡萄酒喝好吗？; 气泡在上升中聚集结合。; 很久以前，这个观点就首次被提出进行讨论了。; 这是个发福的农夫。; 提姆决不会背弃他毕生的信仰。; 这是世界上最流行的清唱剧。; 美语与英语的拼字方法非常相像。
