His friends were shocked by his ingratitude to his parents.; He doesn't mouth platitudes about it.; His contract precludes him from discussing his work with anyone outside the company.; The company accepted blame and sent us profuse apologies.; I was rebuked by my manager for being late.; It goes without saying that we have the right to refute them publicly.; She has included photographs in the book to lend verisimilitude to the story.; She claims to have occult powers, given to her by some mysterious spirit.; The biennium bank deposit rates reach the highest.; Some TV sets for sale in the emporium were stolen last night.; He pronounced a splendid encomium upon her in the forum.; He told the patient that he had a nostrum.; He incurred the odium of everyone by sacking the old caretaker.; That drunkard was the opprobrium of our community.; He followed the famous American dictum.; How can the department be revived from its present moribund state?; They used waterproof cement to prevent water from seeping through the roof of the runnel.; The whole venture has been an unmitigated disaster.; He sprang to the phone with unwonted eagerness.; Large animals are less fecund than small ones.; You deceive yourself, monsieur.; Nocturnal animals such as bats and owls only come out at night.; The country has a surfeit of cheap labor.; She saw him as a sort of surrogate father.; John was an urbane, kindly, and generous man.; Local control is being usurped by central government.; He became a colossus of the labour movement.; The company expects to resume production of the vehicle again after a two-month hiatus.; He's attractive, but vapid.; Food and fuel prices are very volatile in a war situation.; 他对父母不孝，令他的朋友们大为吃惊。; 他不会说这样老掉牙的话。; 合约中禁止他与公司外的人谈论工作。; 这家公司担下了责任，一再向我们道歉。; 我因为迟到而遭到经理的训斥。; 不用说，我们有权公开驳斥他们。; 她在书中使用了照片，以使故事显得更加真实。; 她声称拥有某一神秘精灵赐予的神秘魔力。; 两年期美元存款利率达到最高。; 那家商场用来出售的部分电视机昨晚被盗。; 他在广场上为她作了华丽的赞颂。; 他告诉病人他有秘方。; 他因解雇老管理员而激起公愤。; 那个酒鬼是我们社区的耻辱。; 他信奉那条著名的美国格言。; 怎样才能使该部门从目前的停滞状态中恢复生气？; 他们用防水水泥来防止水从屋顶的沟渠里渗透。; 整个经营专案彻底失败了。; 他一跃而起去接电话，很少见他这么着急。; 大动物没有小动物繁殖能力强。; 你认错人了，先生。; 夜行动物如蝙蝠和猫头鹰只在夜里出来。; 这个国家的廉价劳动力过剩。; 在她心目中，他仿佛是能替代父亲角色的人。; 约翰这个人温文儒雅、友善慷慨。; 地方市政会的权力被中央政府篡夺了。; 他成为了劳工运动中举足轻重的人物。; 该公司希望在中断两个月之后恢复生产这种车。; 他很帅但很无趣。; 战争时期食品和燃料的价格极易波动。
