They criticized the ostentatious lifestyle of their leaders.; The cuts in government funding have had a pernicious effect on local health services.; I suppose I was quite promiscuous in my youth.; He became increasingly dissatisfied and querulous in his old age.; He writes smug, sanctimonious rubbish.; A scrupulous politician would not lie about her business interests.; The baby took my finger in its tenacious little fist.; The police have only found a tenuous connection between the two robberies.; He speaks in unctuous tones.; She took a vicarious pleasure in her friend's achievements.; He is a zealous supporter of the government's policies.; She tried to disavow her past.; She looked dowdy and plain.; He avowed that he regretted what he had done.; He was a callow youth when he joined the newspaper.; She is the John's paramour.; He's not a pariah, he's a very gifted boy.; He picked his brushes and palette.; Technology is not a panacea for all our problems.; Some of these educators are hoping to produce a change in the current cultural paradigm.; It's a curious paradox that drinking a lot of water can often make you feel thirsty.; The first trial was a parody of justice.; If you don't patent your invention, other people may make all the profit out of it.; This book fills a major gap in lexicography.; Lithograph was introduced from China to Europe.; Various solvent naphtha fraction generally have to go through refining.; I have been forced into becoming a sort of pamphleteer.; He spent his time philander with the girls in the village.; Music will be played on a phonograph.; What you need is a planisphere.; 他们批评领导们摆阔的生活方式。; 政府经费的缩减对地方医卫服务产生了极为恶劣的影响。; 我想我年轻时生活很放荡。; 到了晚年，他越感不满，越爱发牢骚。; 他写的都是些自我陶醉、故作清高的垃圾作品。; 一个光明磊落的政治家并不会隐瞒自己的职务权益。; 那个婴儿用他的小拳头紧紧攥着我的手指。; 我们只能认定这两桩抢劫案之间可能有某些联系。; 他说话油腔滑调。; 她因朋友的成就而感受到喜悦。; 他是政府政策的积极支持者。; 她试图否认自己的过去。; 她看起来既土气又不起眼。; 他承认对自己的所作所为感到后悔。; 他进报社时还是个年轻而无经验的小子。; 她是约翰的情人。; 他不是一个贱民，他是一个天赋十足的男孩。; 他拿起画笔和调色板。; 科技并非灵丹妙药，不能解决我们的一切问题。; 这些教育家中有些希望改变当今的文化典型。; 大量喝水经常会让人感觉口渴，这是看似矛盾而正确的奇怪说法。; 第一次审判是对正义的愚弄。; 如果你不为你的发明申请专利权，其他人就会从中图利。; 这本书填补了词典编纂学方面的重大缺口。; 印刷术是从中国传入欧洲的。; 各种溶剂石脑油一般都需要经过精制加工。; 我不得不成了一个写小册子的作家。; 他把时间花在和村子里的姑娘们调情了。; 将用留声机播放音乐。; 你需要的是一张星座图。
