It is a salutary experience.; It was a disappointing performance that lacked finesse.; The film lapses into mawkish sentimentality near the end.; She is always crazy at modish things.; A peevish child is unhappy and makes others unhappy.; His mother admonished him for eating too quickly.; He has been languishing in jail for the past twenty years.; He has relinquished his claim to the throne.; How many declensions are there in German?; The new procedures are being seen as a reversion to old, inefficient ways of working.; Her novels are packed with literary allusions.; The lack of cohesion within the party lost them votes in the election.; Tectonic forces caused compression in the earth's crust.; They treated his suggestion with derision.; There are signs of dissension within the ruling political party.; His employer greeted him with an effusion of relief.; She drinks an infusion of herbs.; The contrast between extroversion and introversion is entirely superficial.; Her account of the case was an inversion of the facts.; Any decrease in tourism could have serious repercussions for the local economy.; The book is about metempsychosis.; He is the exact antithesis of what I find attractive in men.; The things the Greeks called catharsis the sharing of pity and terror and joy with all.; Under the new editor, the magazine has undergone a metamorphosis.; She sent a missive to the committee, detailing her objections.; The answers to these questions remain as elusive as ever.; She has wonderfully expressive eyes.; His presentation was clear and incisive.; The influence of Freud is pervasive in her books.; The standard of the students' work is abysmal.; 这是个有益的经验。; 表演者技艺平平，令人失望。; 电影到结局部分成了令人生厌的滥情戏。; 她疯狂热爱流行物品。; 一个脾气暴躁的孩子自己不高兴也使别人不高兴。; 他妈妈告诫他不要吃得太快。; 过去的二十年中他一直在监狱里苦熬。; 他放弃了继承王位的要求。; 德文有几种词形变化？; 采用新工序被视为是开历史倒车，是退回到那种效率低下的老路上去。; 她的小说充满了文学典故。; 党内缺乏凝聚力使他们在选举中失去了选票。; 大地构造作用力导致地壳被压缩。; 他们对他的建议嗤之以鼻。; 执政党内部出现了意见不一的迹象。; 他的雇主看到他大松一口气。; 她喝冲泡的草药。; 在外向和内向之间所作的对比完全是表面的。; 她对案情的描述与事实相反。; 旅游业只要出现任何一点衰退，都可能会给当地经济带来严重影响。; 这本书是有关于轮回的。; 我认为男性应有的魅力他一点都没有。; 那就是希腊人称之为精神净化的东西，大家一起感受怜悯和痛苦，分享快乐。; 在新主编的领导下，这本杂志彻底改头换面了。; 她向委员会发了一封公函，细述她的反对意见。; 这些问题的答案仍然是不得而知。; 她有一双极富表现力的眼睛。; 他的报告清晰而犀利。; 佛洛伊德的影响在她的作品中随处可见。; 学生的作业质量极差。
