There was less receptiveness to liberalism in some areas.; This is not narcissism, but an otherworldly realm of life.; He was guilty of nepotism and corruption.; Nihilism rejects any objective basis for society and its morality.; If we posit that wage rises cause inflation, it follows that we should try to minimize them.; They live in abject poverty.; We will now obey the ruler's regulations and ukase.; Michael was in a very jocular mood at the party.; The debate is becoming polarized and there seems to be no middle ground.; Ours is a secular society.; He speaks an incomprehensible vernacular.; Forced by hunger, he worked for the most niggardly pay.; We are not going to wittingly do anything that is not legal.; How did a man of so little personal charisma get to be prime minister?; The newspaper seeks to be independent of political dogma.; She is something of an enigma.; Even now in her sixties, she is the epitome of French elegance.; Our people's liberation army is now in the cantonment.; He is austere and grave in deportment.; The symbol for diatomic nitrogen is N2.; The male names are patronymic and the female names are matronymic.; Earthquakes produce two types of seismic waves.; The monk was holding a missal in his hand.; This veterinary product is very effective in preventing animal molt.; This is called metonymy.; The old man who is in misogamy still remains single.; Madonna fans think that any criticism of her is blasphemy.; I'm too much of a cynic to believe that he'll keep his promise.; She had a laconic wit.; Occasionally he made a humorously sardonic remark.; 在一些地区自由主义并不怎么受欢迎。; 这不是自恋，而是一种超凡脱俗的人生境界。; 他任人唯亲且贪污腐化。; 虚无主义拒绝任何社会和道德的客观依据。; 如果我们假设工资上涨会导致通货膨胀的话，那么我们应该尽可能地减小工资上涨的幅度。; 他们过着赤贫的生活。; 我们现在将服从统治者的规定与谕旨。; 麦可在聚会上非常诙谐、幽默。; 辩论变得两极化了，看起来没有中间立场。; 我们的社会是个世俗社会。; 他说的是一种无法听得懂的本地话。; 为饥饿所迫，他为极少的工资而工作。; 我们不是有意地做出违法的事。; 一个如此缺乏个人魅力的人是怎么成为首相的？; 这份报纸力求不受政治教条影响。; 她有点让人捉摸不透。; 即使现在已经六十岁了，她仍堪称法国人优雅风度的典范。; 我们的人民解决军现在正在宿营地。; 他举止庄重严肃。; 双原子的氮分子符号是N2。; 男性名字源于父名，而女性名字源于母名。; 地震产生两种地震波。; 这修道士的手里拿着一本祈祷书。; 这种兽药对于防治兽类掉毛很有效。; 这就是转喻。; 那个厌恶结婚的老男人至今仍保持单身。; 玛丹娜的歌迷们认为对她的任何批评都是对她的不敬。; 我怀疑这世间的一切，不相信他会遵守诺言。; 她说话言简意赅。; 他时不时说一句幽默嘲讽的话。
