It is a electrotype.; I left my parents' house, relinquished my estate and my patrimony.; Babies are entirely egocentric, concerned only with when they will next be fed.; She refused to become involved with him despite his passionate entreaties.; Math is an intrinsic part of the school curriculum.; Sometimes comity is regarded as a stimulus to the pattern of behavior.; Our apartment building's contiguity to a supermarket is very convenient.; He did not like anyone to mention the deformity.; She is a woman of exceptional perspicacity.; She's marrying him out of sheer perversity.; She seems to have a natural affinity with water.; She accepted the money with alacrity.; It is a mark of depravity to make a mock of good advice and kind rebuke.; There is a wide diversity of opinion on the question of unilateral disarmament.; She married young and settled happily into domesticity.; He received the news of his mother's death with remarkable equanimity.; The police were shocked by the ferocity of the attack.; How important do you think sexual fidelity is in a marriage?; Theoretically, a line can extend into infinity.; Firefighters are demanding pay parity with police.; Nature has created a wonderful serendipity.; She had the temerity to call me a liar.; His brain is contused.; These words have fallen into desuetude.; The blood effused from the wound.; After spending some time on the island they became inured to the hardships.; Veins can get occluded by blood clots.; In an instant, the magician had conjured a dove from his hat.; He's deluding himself if he thinks he's going to be promoted this year.; The floods left thousands of people destitute.; 这是个电铸板。; 我离开了父母的家，放弃了我的房产和祖传财产。; 婴儿都是完全以自我为中心的，他们只关心下次甚么时候喂他们。; 尽管他苦苦哀求，她还是拒绝跟他有任何瓜葛。; 数学是中小学的基础课。; 礼让有时被视作行为模式的一个促进因素。; 我们的公寓和超级市场相邻，购物相当方便。; 他不喜欢人家提到他的畸形缺陷。; 她是位极其聪颖的女人。; 她嫁给他纯粹是任性。; 她好像天生就喜欢水。; 她欣然收下了钱。; 嘲笑别人的忠告和善意指责是堕落的标志。; 对于单方面裁军问题，人们的看法各不相同。; 她结婚早并且家庭幸福。; 他接到母亲去世的噩耗时表现得异常镇静。; 警方对那起攻击的凶残感到震惊。; 你认为婚姻中肉体上的忠诚有多重要？; 从理论上来说直线可以无限地延伸。; 消防队员要求收入与员警享有同等的工资待遇。; 大自然创造了最棒的机缘。; 她竟冒失地说我是骗子。; 他的脑瘀伤。; 这些词如今已经不被使用了。; 血从伤口流出来。; 在岛上留了一段时间后，他们适应了那里的艰苦生活。; 血管会被凝血块阻塞。; 魔术师眨眼间便从他的帽子里变出了一只鸽子。; 如果他认为今年将获得晋升，那他是在自己骗自己。; 洪水使数千人一无所有。
