Mary has always spent an inordinate amount of time on her appearance.; We would prefer a more orthodox solution to the problem.; She is a strict defender of Catholic orthodoxy.; There are lots of really sordid apartments in the city's poorer areas.; I am just enjoying carouse.; Two years later, iron outriggers were fitted to a boat.; Vegetarianism is one cause she does not espouse.; Many motorcyclists flout the law by not wearing helmets.; The mixture mentioned had a good anhydrous and transparent effect.; His position here is anomalous.; Mexican bulbous herb cultivated for its handsome bright red solitary flower.; Keep that bumptious bastard out of my hair.; They produced the most cacophonous beat of pop music.; Despite strong principles he was never censorious.; City is consanguineous with water.; She was wearing a dress of diaphanous silk.; The mailman seems to be really duteous.; I got a teaching job at an exiguous rate of pay.; The bank was expeditious in replying to my letter.; Mr. John was factious.; Short-grain rice turns into a soft, glutinous mass when cooked.; Switzerland is a heterogeneous confederation of twenty-six self-governing cantons.; Such a difficult choice placed her in an invidious position.; The woman is very licentious.; All these ligneous plants are imported from Russia.; Her voice was distinctive, soft and mellifluous.; They deliberately gave me a skittish and mordacious mount.; She is embarrassingly obsequious to anyone in authority.; You know I have no intention of being awkward and obstreperous.; It is very perspicacious of you to find the cause of the trouble so quickly.; 玛丽总是花太多时间打扮自己。; 我们愿意用一种更为正统的方法解决该问题。; 她是正统天主教的绝对捍卫者。; 该市的落后地区有很多极其肮脏的公寓。; 我正在尽情地享受狂欢呢。; 两年后，舷外铁架被装到船上。; 她并不赞成素食主义。; 许多骑机车的人无视法律，不戴头盔。; 该混合剂具有良好的脱水和透明作用。; 他在此的身份很不寻常。; 墨西哥的一种球根状草本植物，为其漂亮而又鲜红的单花而栽培。; 别让这个自高自大的家伙惹我生气。; 他们制造了流行音乐最不协调的节拍。; 虽然他原则性很强，可从来不会吹毛求疵。; 城市与水是密不可分的。; 她穿着一件薄如蝉翼的丝绸服。; 这邮差似乎是非常尽职的。; 我得到一个薪水超少的教学工作。; 银行很快就给我回了信。; 约翰先生是暴动份子。; 短粒米一煮就会变得又软又黏。; 瑞士是一个由二十六个不同的自治州组成的联邦。; 如此为难的选择使她处于一个易招人反感的境地。; 这个女人非常淫荡。; 这些木质的植物都是从俄国进口而来。; 她的嗓音甜美，清脆而柔和。; 他们故意给我一匹脾气暴躁而且还咬人的马。; 她差不多对任何当权者都卑躬屈膝，真令人难堪。; 你知道我无意存心作对。; 你真是明察秋毫，问题的原因这么快就找出来了。
