We refrained from talking until we knew that it was safe.; The job is open to applicants with over two years' experience in retail.; You can remove a red wine stain from a carpet by sprinkling salt over it.; The doctor told him to go to the hospital if there was a recurrence of his symptoms.; He made the whole speech without reference.; His behavior merely reinforced my dislike of him.; He saw himself reflected in the water.; This stifles the development of the financial sector.; The winner can select any prize.; She managed to save enough money to redeem her jewelry from the pawn shop.; We tried to avoid the beds of reeds at the river curves.; The ship was wrecked on the hidden reef.; He knew nothing regarding the case.; The workers had to live on their savings.; Seemingly, she's gone to live with another man.; She had been recommended for promotion.; How did she respond to the news?; A shepherd tended the sheep.; Store fruit juice in the refrigerator.; They fled from the city in terror.; His tutor encouraged him to read widely in philosophy.; We had to recompense the peasants for the loss of their goats.; It is hoped that the dispute will be settled without recourse to litigation.; Engineers spent many months refining the software.; I have many pleasant recollections of the time we spent together.; I got the job on Sam's recommendation.; His favorite recreations are golf and playing scrabble.; The theme of freedom recurs throughout her writing.; The director has really surpassed himself with this new film.; I finally surrendered to temptation.; 我们缄默不语，直到确定安全了才开始说话。; 这份工作面向有两年以上零售经验的应征者。; 地毯上红酒的污渍可以撒盐来清除。; 医生告诉他，如果症状复发的话就得去医院。; 他在没有任何参考的情况下，完成了整个演讲。; 他的行为只能使我更讨厌他。; 他在水中看到了自己的影像。; 这遏制了金融部门的发展。; 获胜者可以选择任何奖品。; 她设法存够了钱，把自己的首饰从当铺赎了回来。; 我们试图避开河弯处的芦苇滩。; 那艘船撞到暗礁沉没了。; 关于这个案子他一无所知。; 工人们只好靠原有的积蓄生活。; 看样子，她去和另外一个男人同居了。; 已经有人推荐给她升职。; 她听了这消息有甚么反应？; 牧羊人照顾羊群。; 把水果汁储存在冰箱里。; 他们惊恐万分地逃离该市。; 他的家教鼓励他广泛阅读哲学著作。; 我们得赔偿农民损失的山羊。; 人们希望这场争端能够不透过对簿公堂在私下解决。; 工程师们花了数月来完善这个软体。; 我们一起度过的时光给我留下了许多美好的回忆。; 我是透过山姆的推荐得到这份工作的。; 他最喜欢的消遣方式是打高尔夫球和玩拼字游戏。; 自由这一主题在她的写作中反复出现。; 这位导演凭藉这部新电影实现了真正的自我超越。; 我最后还是抵挡不住诱惑。
