The organization had been penetrated by a spy.; Sea water percolates down through the rocks.; A foul smell of stale beer permeated the whole building.; The evening performance begins at eight o'clock.; The needle pierces the fabric four times a second.; The tea cups are made of porcelain.; Her penchant for disappearing for days at a time worries her family.; These shoes are too tight, they pinch my feet.; We pitched our tent in the shade.; The charity enjoys the patronage of many prominent local business people.; I give you this ring as a pledge of my everlasting love for you.; The postage for airmail is fifty cents.; Let's talk about teacher's pedagogy.; He studied philology.; He has obtained a degree in psychology.; Keep to the pavement.; Melanin is the dark brown pigment of the hair, skin and eyes.; Gasoline is produced by the refinement of petroleum.; In the summer we have breakfast out on the patio.; A security guard with a dog patrols the building site at night.; Will patrons kindly note that this restaurant will be closed in July.; He won't be able to draw his pension until he's sixty.; Jean plays the guitar and her brother is on percussion.; This charm will protect a man from possession by evil spirits.; After the accident he became a pathetic figure.; The property has a certain rustic charm.; I had my ears pierced and one of them went septic.; There is a paucity of information on the ingredients of many cosmetics.; There are now stiffer penalties for drunken drivers.; She has a very warm personality.; 一名間諜滲入了該組織。; 海水透過岩石滲漏下去。; 整棟樓都散發著變質啤酒的臭味。; 晚上的演出八點開始。; 針穿過布料的速度是每秒鐘四次。; 茶杯是瓷製的。; 她喜歡不時失蹤幾天，這讓她的家人非常擔心。; 這雙鞋太緊了，夾我的腳。; 我們在陰涼處搭帳篷。; 這家慈善機構獲得了本地許多重要的商人的贊助。; 我把這枚戒指送給你作為我永志不渝的信物。; 一封航空信的郵資是美金五毛。; 我們來談談教育法。; 他研究文獻學。; 他已在心理學方面獲得學位。; 沿著人行道走。; 黑色素是頭髮、皮膚和眼睛中的黑褐色色素。; 汽油是由石油經過提煉生產出來的。; 夏天我們在外面露臺上吃早餐。; 夜間一名保安帶著一隻狗在建築工地巡邏。; 各位老顧客請注意，本店將於七月暫停營業。; 他要等到六十歲以後才能領取養老金。; 瓊彈奏吉他，她弟弟演奏打擊樂器。; 這個護身符將保護人不致著魔。; 意外後他成了一個可憐人。; 這座宅院有種迷人的田園風情。; 我穿了耳洞，有一隻耳朵化膿了。; 許多化妝品沒有提供充足的產品成分資訊。; 現在對酗酒開車的處罰更嚴厲了。; 她個性非常熱情。
