His hesitation indicates unwillingness.; The indiscriminate use of fertilizers can cause long term problems.; Who initiated the violence?; The bank conducted its own internal investigation into the robbery.; Father keeps a journal of his activities.; The journalist took notes throughout the interview.; She was so upset when she spoke that she was hardly intelligible.; The new job will provide you with invaluable experience.; Last year the company seemed invincible.; I'll need to take out extra car insurance for another driver.; He's obviously a man of very high intelligence.; Girls are crazy about lace.; I enjoyed the film, but I couldn't follow all the intricacies of the plot.; The prisoners pleaded for mercy.; What is your party's policy on immigration?; Intruders had entered the house through a back window.; The shock of losing his job jerked him out of his settled lifestyle.; He is a day laborer.; The universe is theoretically infinite.; The suffering inflicted on these children was unimaginable.; The list of ingredients included ten grams of almonds.; We realized how intricately they are connected to the ecosystem.; Jelly solidifies as it gets cold.; He was treated justly.; Our inventory of used cars is the best in town.; A sharp tap on the knee usually causes an involuntary movement of the lower leg.; The tour operator will arrange transport and plan your itinerary.; I just had an intuition that you'd been involved in an accident.; Irrigation is needed to make crops grow in dry areas.; The prisoner had been kept in isolation for three days.; 他的犹疑表示不愿意。; 滥用化肥可能导致长期的问题。; 谁先使用暴力的？; 银行针对抢劫案进行了内部调查。; 我父亲有记录每天活动的习惯。; 这位新闻记者在整个面试过程中都有做笔记。; 她讲话时心烦意乱，结果她的话几乎让人无法理解。; 这份新工作将使你获得宝贵的经验。; 该公司去年似乎无往不胜。; 我需要为另一名驾驶者购买汽车保险。; 显然他是个非常聪明的人。; 女孩子都很喜欢蕾丝。; 我喜欢这部电影，但情节中有些复杂的细节我搞不清楚。; 囚犯都恳求从轻发落。; 你们党对于移民的政策是什么？; 侵入者从后窗闯入了住宅。; 失业的打击一下子改变了他安定的生活方式。; 他是按日记酬的工人。; 从理论上来讲，宇宙是无边无际的。; 这些孩子遭受的痛苦无法想像。; 清单上列出的材料包括十克的杏仁。; 我们明白它们是如何复杂地与生态系统联结在一起。; 果冻冰过后会变硬。; 他受到公正地对待。; 我们卖的二手车是城里最好的。; 突然轻轻敲一下膝盖，小腿通常会不由自主地动一下。; 旅行社工作人员将负责安排交通和行程计划。; 我只是凭直觉感到你卷入了一次意外。; 要使庄稼在干旱地区生长就需灌溉。; 这个犯人已被隔离三天了。
