Moist heat treatment inactivates the antinutritional factors present.; His casual behavior was wholly inappropriate for such a formal occasion.; American presidents are always inaugurated in January.; The plumber is coming tomorrow to install the new washing machine.; She was instrumental in bringing about the prison reform act.; He is an intellectual.; He was declared ineligible for the competition.; The accident was the inevitable consequence of carelessness.; The prime minister has adopted an inflexible position on immigration.; They were aware of the injustices of the system.; He firmly believes that she is innocent of the crime.; There have been several instances of violence at the school.; She was intrigued by his story.; My shoulder's been plaguing me all week.; I burned my tongue on some soup last night.; The index is arranged in alphabetical order.; Dick was socially inept and uncomfortable in the presence of women.; My infant for once lay quiet in his cradle.; All the tomato plants are infected with a virus.; The manager is friendly with his inferiors.; It has been estimated that one in eight couples is infertile.; The government did nothing to curb inflation.; She arrived to carry out a health and safety inspection of the building.; I cannot write without inspiration.; The peace initiative was welcomed by both sides.; She had an instinctive taste for music.; The lecture was instructive and interesting.; He's always had an inferiority complex about his height.; No one doubted that the president was a man of the highest integrity.; He admitted his liability for the accident.; 温热处理可以抑制抗营养的因素出现。; 他随便的举止在这样正式的场合十分不恰当。; 美国总统总是在一月正式就职。; 水管工明天来安装新的洗衣机。; 监狱改革条例得以出台多亏她大力促成。; 他是位知识份子。; 他被宣布没有资格参赛。; 这次意外是粗心导致的必然结果。; 首相在移民问题上采取了强硬的立场。; 他们知道这种体制的不公正之处。; 他坚信她是清白的。; 学校里发生过几次暴力事件。; 她被他的故事迷住了。; 我的肩膀整个星期都很难受。; 我昨晚喝汤时烫着了舌头。; 索引按字母顺序排列。; 迪克不擅长社交，在女性面前显得局促。; 我的婴儿这一次总算安静地躺在摇篮里。; 所有的番茄植株都染上了一种病毒。; 经理对他的部属很友好。; 据估计，每八对夫妇中就有一对不能生育。; 政府没有采取措施遏制通货膨胀。; 她来对大楼进行安全卫生检查。; 没有灵感我写不出东西。; 和平倡议受到了双方的欢迎。; 她性喜音乐。; 那次讲演既有益又有趣。; 他对自己的身高总是有种自卑感。; 没有人怀疑总裁是个光明磊落的人。; 他承认自己对这起事故应负责任。
