Her paintings have a very tactile quality.; Through the wall he heard someone playing the accordion.; I'm not accustomed to being treated like this.; She has one great fear to which she will never give utterance.; There has been some unusual variance in temperature this month.; The heart rate is regularly accelerated and then retarded.; He became professor and academician at Munich.; My mother is a semiotician.; My brother is a mortician.; This area is sacred to the Apaches.; The agency was not accredited by the Philippine Consulate to offer contracts to Filipinos abroad.; AIDS is an acronym for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome.; Four subtracted from ten equals six.; The jury reached a unanimous verdict of guilty.; I found her very affected.; She was looking at her reflection in the mirror.; Malnutrition is one of the common afflictions of the poor.; He was born to an affluent family.; The construction of the tunnel is a large and complex undertaking.; He is a wrestling champion.; The diffusion process seems to be accelerating.; Undoubtedly, some managers will react adversely to this approach.; The two methods can be used alternately.; Statistical anomalies can make it difficult to compare economic data from one year to the next.; The new building has little aesthetic value.; We visited an aquatic city in Italy.; Aromatic herbs are often used in cooking.; The government wants to improve health care accessibility.; This low pH level clearly shows the acidity of the soil here.; She seems to have a natural affinity with water.; 她的畫作具有很強的質感。; 隔牆他聽到人有在拉手風琴。; 我不習慣別人這樣待我。; 她心中最大的擔憂恐怕一輩子都不會說出來。; 本月氣溫有些異常變化。; 心率有規律的加速而后減慢。; 他在慕尼克受聘為教授，並獲授院士稱號。; 我媽媽是位符號學家。; 我哥哥是殯葬業者。; 對阿帕契人而言，這一個地區是神聖的。; 該代理機構沒有得到菲律賓領事館的批准，無權向國外的菲律賓人提供承包合約。; AIDS 愛滋病是 Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome的首字母縮略詞。; 十減四等於六。; 陪審團一致判定有罪。; 我覺得她非常做作。; 她正在看著鏡子裡面自己的倒影。; 營養不良是困擾窮人的常見問題之一。; 他生在富裕人家。; 該隧道的修建是項複雜的大工程。; 他是位摔角冠軍。; 傳播過程看來正在加速。; 毫無疑問，有些經理對這種方法持相反態度。; 兩種方法可交互使用。; 統計上的不規則會使年與年之間的經濟數據難以互相比較。; 新樓幾乎沒有甚麼美學價值。; 我們在義大利訪問過一個水上城市。; 芳草常用於烹調。; 政府想要讓健保更親民。; 這裡土壤的pH值很低，表示土壤呈酸性。; 她好像天生就喜歡水。
