The vast prairie stretches west to the horizon.; The post office was raided late at night.; A train went off the rails and crashed into the bank.; Your invention is very practical.; The universe evolved from a densely packed primal inferno.; My father is the principal of my school.; The cat sat in the tree ready to pounce on the ducks below.; Precedence must be given to the injured in the evacuation plans.; Would it be breaking with precedent for the bride to make a speech?; She blamed me for practically every mistake in the report.; They can presumably afford to buy a bigger apartment.; The commander rallied his tired soldiers and they fought off the enemy at last.; Many borrowers now find themselves caught in a precarious financial position.; You're so precious to me.; He is one of the world's most prestigious conductors.; The product will have to meet internationally prescribed standards.; She was overawed by the presence of so many people.; Putting varnish on wood is a way to preserve it.; It is my primary concern.; It is a market without a regulatory framework.; She acted with a repertory company for three years.; They failed to take the necessary precautions to avoid infection.; Hail and sleet are types of precipitation.; Lately, his preoccupation with football had caused his marks at school to slip.; This bread is completely free from artificial preservatives.; Primitive races colonized these islands two thousand years ago.; It was a productive and fertile period.; Premature babies are kept alive in incubators.; I had a puncture when I was driving back from work.; Tom teaches sculpture at the local art school.; 茫茫大草原向西伸展，直至天边。; 昨晚深夜邮局遭到抢劫。; 一列火车脱轨后撞到路堤上。; 你的发明物很实用。; 宇宙是从原始的炽热混沌状态演变而来的。; 我爸爸是我学校的校长。; 树上的猫准备扑向下面的鸭子。; 在疏散计划中应优先考虑伤者。; 新娘发表讲话是否有悖于惯例？; 她几乎把报告里所有的错误都怪在我头上。; 他们大概买得起一间大一点的公寓。; 指挥官重整疲惫不堪的士兵，最后他们终于击退敌人。; 许多借款人现在发现自己陷入不稳定的财务状况。; 你对我来说就是珍宝。; 他是世界上最有声望的指挥家之一。; 该产品必须符合国际规定的标准。; 这么多人在场，把她吓坏了。; 在木料上涂清漆是保护木料的一种方法。; 这是我最关心的事。; 这是个缺乏管理框架的市场。; 她在一个轮演剧目剧团里演出三年。; 他们未能采取必要的预防措施来避免感染。; 冰雹和冻雨都是降水形式。; 最近他一心想着足球，学校成绩都退步了。; 这种面包绝不含人工防腐剂。; 原始种族在两千年前开拓了这些岛屿。; 这是个丰收的时期。; 早产婴儿放在保温箱里保育。; 我下班开车回来时轮胎被扎了个洞。; 汤姆在当地艺术学校教雕塑。
