Congress has rejected the latest economic proposal.; These people have very radical views.; The old man recalled the city as it had been before.; Her latest project is a film.; There's every prospect of success.; How did she react to the news?; They are the most promising new band of the year.; For much of his life he suffered from recurring bouts of depression.; There's nothing more refreshing on a hot day than a cold beer.; Your job is to promote the new product.; I've always been prone to headaches.; I remember the night your father proposed to me.; Company's profits are down from last year's figures.; There was a note of profound irritation in his voice.; Promise me that you won't tell her.; He is a professional journalist.; Drugs can slow down the progression of the disease.; Of course there's provision in the plan for population increase.; The proportion of women and men is about five to one.; I've put my proposition to the company director for his consideration.; He'd fly into a rage at the slightest provocation.; Hotel prices in the major cities are high but not prohibitive.; Her reply showed that she was very sensitive to criticism.; If you're constipated you may need a laxative.; This small house is my only property.; The best thing about the location of the house is its proximity to the town center.; Her first novel was published last year in a blaze of publicity.; He was prosecuted for fraud.; I was rebuked by my manager for being late.; He is ill reputed in the business community.; 议会否决了最近提出的经济提案。; 这些人观点很偏激。; 这位老人回忆起这座城市之前的样子。; 她最新的企划是一部影片。; 有百分之百成功的希望。; 她对这个消息反应如何？; 他们是今年年度最有前途的新进乐团。; 大半生的时间里，他一再遭受忧郁症的折磨。; 炎热的天气里，没有比喝杯冰镇啤酒更令人感到凉爽的了。; 你的工作是促销这一新产品。; 我总是容易头痛。; 我还记得你父亲向我求婚的那个晚上。; 从去年的统计数字看，公司的利润下降了。; 他的语气中带有强烈恼怒。; 答应我你不会告诉她。; 他是一位专业的新闻从业人员。; 药物能减缓疾病的恶化。; 当然这项计划里有应对人口增长的措施。; 男女比例大约为五比一。; 我已将我的提议交给公司主管考虑。; 哪怕是稍稍惹他一下他都会勃然大怒。; 大城市里的旅馆费用昂贵，但还能负担得起。; 她的回答显示她对批评很敏感。; 便秘时可服用泻药。; 这所小房子是我的唯一财产。; 这栋房子地理位置最好的就是邻近市中心。; 她的第一部小说去年在大张旗鼓的宣传下出版。; 他因诈骗而被起诉。; 我因为迟到而遭到经理的训斥。; 他在商界名声不好。
