Laws against racial prejudice must be strictly enforced.; The preponderance of evidence suggests that he's guilty.; Going to court to obtain compensation is a long process.; The new law is designed to protect people's privacy.; He made little proficiency in literary accomplishments.; These doom and gloom prophecies are doing little to help the economy.; His lawyers have decided not to proceed with the case.; She managed to save enough money to redeem her jewelry from the pawn shop.; We tried to avoid the beds of reeds at the river curves.; The company has gained international prestige.; Healthcare should be a right, not a privilege.; I sat down to a cup of wonderfully pungent Turkish coffee.; The president is a prime target for the assassin's bullet.; We need to increase our company's profile in Asia.; Snakes, lizards, and crocodiles are reptiles.; She is a pretentious person.; The previous owner is good.; In a prosperous country like this, no one should go hungry.; The interviewer probed deep into her private life.; He gets things done, but only after I've prodded him into doing them.; She's proficient in two languages.; You are Dr. Smith, I presume?; I am sure that common sense will prevail in the end.; These diseases are more prevalent among young children.; He is under pressure.; He reassured me my check would arrive soon.; Acupressure therapy is effective for many types of illnesses.; These drugs are only available on prescription.; The speaker gave an interesting presentation.; The judge put him on probation for two years.; 禁止种族歧视的法律必须严格执行。; 大量的证据显示他有罪。; 起诉要求赔偿是一个漫长的过程。; 新法律旨在保护人们的隐私权。; 他在文学方面成就不多。; 这些悲观的预言对经济毫无帮助。; 他的律师已经决定不再继续打那场官司了。; 她设法存够了钱，把自己的首饰从当铺赎了回来。; 我们试图避开河弯处的芦苇滩。; 该公司赢得了国际声誉。; 医疗健保应该是权利，而非特权。; 我坐下来喝了一杯味道浓醇的土耳其咖啡。; 总统是这名刺客的主要目标。; 我们需要扩大公司在亚洲的影响力。; 蛇、蜥蜴和鳄鱼是爬虫类。; 她是个自命不凡的人。; 前主人很好。; 在这样一个繁荣的国家里，不应该有人挨饿。; 采访者深入打探她的私生活。; 他把事情做完了，不过是在我的督促下他才这么做的。; 她精通两种语言。; 我想你是史密斯博士吧？; 我相信常识最终会获胜。; 这些疾病在幼儿中更普遍。; 他压力很大。; 他安慰我说我的支票很快就会到了。; 按摩治疗对许多病症都有效。; 这些药只能凭处方购买。; 演讲者发表了有趣的内容。; 法官判他缓刑两年。
