The prospector traveled the west looking for minerals.; I saw Anna at the other end of the room, resplendent in a red cocktail dress.; He made spasmodic attempts to clean up the house.; Never in his life had he gazed on such splendor.; There were reports of sporadic fighting in the streets.; He looked at her aghast.; I detest any kind of cruelty.; Conceivably, supporters of the law could filibuster to prevent it from being revised.; Would you consider fostering a child?; The president had a hostile reception in Ohio this morning.; He can be very obstinate at times.; Her comments provoked an outburst of anger from the boss.; She has spent her life trying to help the homeless and other social outcasts.; The empress outlasted all her children.; The triathlon is a great test of stamina.; The procession moved through the streets at a stately pace.; Her steadfast belief never left her for one moment.; His hand shot to his mouth to stifle a giggle.; He has just finished a stint of compulsory military service.; The bedroom gets a little stuffy in the summer.; In our search for evidence, we were stymied by the absence of any recent documents.; He looked like a ventriloquist's dummy.; It's wonderful to see the children's zest for life.;  We were jostled by the fans.; He whistled as he worked.; The demand for food in the war zone now far outstrips supply.; People are put off by his strident voice.; We enjoyed a leisurely picnic lunch on the lawn.; I really sympathize with you.; The words annoyed and irritated are more or less synonymous.; 采矿者往西方去寻找矿物。; 我看到安娜在房间的另一头，身穿红色晚礼服，光彩照人。; 他会时不时兴致来了就打扫一下屋子。; 他生平从没有见过如此辉煌壮丽的场面。; 有报导说街上有零星战斗。; 他惊恐地看着她。; 我厌恶任何形式的残暴。; 可以想像，该法律的支持者会用冗长的演说去阻止其被修订。; 你会考虑代养一个孩子吗？; 总统今天早上在俄亥俄州受到了不友善的接待。; 他有的时候会非常固执。; 她的评论惹得老板勃然大怒。; 她毕生致力于帮助无家可归的人和其他的社会弃儿。; 女皇比她的子女们都活得长。; 三项全能运动是对耐力的极大考验。; 队伍迈着隆重的步伐穿过山村。; 她坚定的信仰从未动摇过。; 他赶紧捂住嘴，不让自己笑出声来。; 他刚刚服完义务兵役。; 这个房间在夏天有点闷。; 缺乏近期的档案使我们搜证造成障碍。; 他看上去像腹语术表演者用的人偶。; 很高兴看到孩子们对生活充满热情。; 我们被歌迷左推右挤。; 他一边工作一边吹口哨。; 现在战区对于粮食的需求远远超过了供应量。; 人们很厌恶他那刺耳的嗓音。; 中午我们在草地上悠闲地享用了一顿野餐。; 我真的很同情你。; annoyed 和 irritated 两个词几乎是同义的。
