They were subjected to various indignities and discomforts.; She suffered from a long list of infirmities.; He is a man of lofty ideals.; To what do you attribute your longevity?; It's only a tiny minority of people who are causing the problem.; The land was given to him in perpetuity.; Every attempt is being made to ensure that these works of art are preserved for posterity.; She's inherited from her father a propensity to talk too much.; She was careful always to behave with propriety.; Light travels at the highest achievable velocity in the universe.; Child abuse is against the law.; I assume that your silence implies consent.; Organizational ability is an essential attribute for a good manager.; The once azure skies of Athens have been ruined by atmospheric pollution.; Stop confusing the issue!; The country exports lots of crude oil.; The gold medal continues to elude her.; He was executed for murder.; The two cities are at approximately the same latitude.; I gazed at her in mute admiration.; He opened a newspaper and began to peruse the personal ads.; Her dress shows her pulchritude to advantage.; I am sure she is a paragon of rectitude.; Now my house is secure against burglary.; Many conquered nations had to pay tribute to the rulers of ancient Rome.; Could you turn the volume down?; The newspaper article included a gruesome description of the murder.; The lifeboat rescued the sailors from the sinking boat.; The president travels with a large retinue of aides and bodyguards.; Taxes provide most of the government's revenue.; 他们经历了各种有损尊严和令人尴尬的事。; 她身患多种疾病。; 他是一个有崇高理想的人。; 你的长寿归功于哪些因素？; 惹麻烦的只是极少数的人。; 这土地永远归他所有了。; 正在采取一切措施以确保这些艺术品能流传后世。; 她从她父亲那里遗传了话多的习性。; 她时刻注意行为得体。; 光的传播速度是宇宙中物体所能达到的最高速度。; 虐待儿童是违法的。; 我想你沉默即表示同意。; 组织能力是一个出色经理必备的素质。; 由于大气污染，雅典曾经蔚蓝的天空已经面目全非。; 别再把事情越搞越乱！; 这个国家出口大量原油。; 金牌依旧和她无缘。; 他因犯谋杀罪被处死。; 这两个城市差不多位于同一纬度上。; 我默默地凝视着她，心生爱慕之情。; 他翻开一份报纸，开始浏览征婚启事。; 她的裙子衬托出了她的美丽。; 我可以肯定她是个正直的人。; 现在我的房子无被盗窃之危险。; 许多被征服的国家要向古罗马的统治者纳贡。; 你能把音量调低些吗？; 这篇报导中有一段对谋杀案可怕的描述。; 救生艇将水手们从正在下沉的船上救起。; 总统外出有一大群助手和保镖等随从。; 政府收入的大部分来自税收。
