Confiscation of smuggled property is part of the penalty for certain offences.; There seems to be a contradiction between her words and actions.; She is of a cheerful disposition.; She wrote a dissertation on super realism.; They marched in parade formation.; The younger generation smokes less than their parents did.; Around the fire, tribal elders chanted incantations.; Bandage the wound to reduce the risk of infection.; The innovation of air travel during this century has made the world seem smaller.; The gang silenced witnesses by intimidation.; It doesn't lie within my jurisdiction to set you free.; There must have been a computer malfunction.; She was given a standing ovation at the end of her speech.; It seems that pollination also involves certain chance factors.; Economic privation is pushing the poor towards crime.; We should encourage reclamation and recycling.; It took hours of negotiations to bring about a reconciliation between the two sides.; His rendition brought tears to my eyes.; The company had to make reparation to those who suffered ill health.; There is much to be said in vindication of his claim.; I feel I've found my true vocation.; Older people tend to be more conservative.; Her mood was calm and contemplative.; Appearances can be deceptive.; She dropped the book on her foot and let out a string of expletives.; The merger proved to be very lucrative for both companies.; We received a negative answer.; Are you positive about this?; Skiing used to be the prerogative of the rich.; The audience was becoming restive as they waited for the performance to begin.; 充公走私财产是对某些犯罪予以惩罚的一部分。; 她的言行似乎不一致。; 她性情开朗。; 她写了一篇关于超现实主义的论文。; 他们以列队的阵式行进。; 年轻的一代比他们父母这一代人吸烟要少。; 部族长老围着火堆念诵起咒语。; 包扎伤口以减少感染的危险。; 本世纪空中旅行的革新使世界似乎变小了。; 帮派用恐吓的手段，使证人不敢说话。; 我无权将你释放。; 一定是出了电脑故障。; 她演讲完毕后，人们起立热烈鼓掌。; 授粉作用似乎还包含有某种偶然因素。; 生活的贫困逼使穷人去犯罪。; 我们应当鼓励废物的回收和利用。; 双方谈了好几个小时才达成和解。; 他的演唱使我伤心落泪。; 这间公司不得不向那些被危害而导致健康状况不佳的人士作出赔偿。; 有很多理由可以提出来为他的要求作辩护。; 我觉得找到了真正适合自己的职业。; 上年纪的人往往比较保守。; 她的心情是平静而沉思的。; 外表可能是靠不住的。; 她手里的书砸到她的脚，痛得她咒骂一通。; 事实证明，这次兼并使两间公司都获利丰厚。; 我们遭到拒绝。; 这件事你肯定吗？; 滑雪过去是富人的特权。; 观众们等待演出开始时变得越来越不耐烦。
