My savings were to be a bulwark against unemployment.; The flames rapidly engulfed the house.; We take all our aluminum cans for recycling.; Ships were registered abroad to circumvent employment and safety regulations.; She writes fashion column.; Pandemonium reigned in the hall as the unbelievable election results were read out.; I'm afraid I succumbed to temptation and had a piece of cheesecake.; People die of hunger every day.; He seems to take a very jaundiced view of life.; Our kitchen is overrun with cockroaches.; Tragically, the graves were plundered and the contents scattered.; To keep the company alive, half the workforce is being made redundant.; What really angered her was the dirty, underhand way they had tricked her.; His firm must contend with the unwieldy Russian bureaucracy.; He was murmuring to himself.; Earthquakes occur frequently in this area.; Biological research has often been a precursor to medical breakthroughs.; The hunters spent hours pursuing their prey.; The theme of freedom recurs throughout her writing.; She spurned my offers of help.; The police surmise that the robbers have fled the country.; The director has really surpassed himself with this new film.; This has been a turbulent week for the administration.; The mother got custody of the child; The fall in demand for coffee could cause a glut in the market.; It is a variegated plant.; These young people have nowhere to go.; She was so tired and overwrought that she burst into tears.; No bank would be willing to underwrite such a loss.; A large worm wriggled in the freshly dug earth.; 我的积蓄将是我失业时的保障。; 大火很快吞没了那座房子。; 我们把铝罐全部拿来回收利用。; 船只在外国注册以规避雇用以及安全规定。; 她写时尚专栏。; 令人难以置信的竞选结果一宣布，大厅里便乱成一片。; 我还是没抵挡住诱惑，吃了一块乳酪蛋糕。; 每天都有人饿死。; 他的人生观似乎十分狭隘。; 我们的厨房蟑螂横行。; 不幸的是，那些墓被盗，墓里的东西被弄得七零八落的。; 为了使公司生存下去，一半的雇员要被裁掉。; 真正使她愤怒的是他们竟用偷偷摸摸的手段欺骗她。; 他的公司必须与俄罗斯难处理的官僚机构周旋。; 他正喃喃自语。; 这一地区经常发生地震。; 生物学研究往往是医学突破的先驱。; 猎人们花费数小时追捕猎物。; 自由这一主题在她的写作中反复出现。; 她断然拒绝了我的帮助。; 据员警们推测，抢劫犯已经逃离这个国家。; 这位导演凭藉这部新电影实现了真正的自我超越。; 对政府来讲，这是动荡多事的一周。; 母亲得到了孩子的监护权。; 咖啡需求减少会导致市场供应过盛。; 这是色彩斑驳的植物。; 这些年轻人无处可去。; 她太累太紧张，突然大哭起来。; 没有哪家银行愿意承担这样的损失。; 一条大虫子在新翻过的地里蠕动。
