Journalists are speculating about whether interest rates will be cut.; They terminated my contract in October.; They underestimated his abilities.; Driving without a license is an offence.; The region's reliance on tourism is unwise.; I was a man of the renaissance that evening.; He made a plea for mercy.; He readily accepted an invitation to dinner.; The farmers were busy reaping the rice in the field.; The two cars are exact counterparts in make, model and color.; The cylinder is getting too much gas and not enough air.; She has considerable expertise in French history.; The flame above the oil well flared into the dark sky.; Vegetable prices fluctuate according to the season.; Brightly coloured flags were fluttering in the breeze.; I'm feeling a little fragile.; They spent ten years in jail for fraud.; He is a fractious child.; It's difficult to quantify how many people will be affected by the change.; A funeral can amplify the feelings of regret and loss for the relatives.; It is rare to see children openly defying their teachers.; Our galaxy is a continuously evolving system.; The man spent several years in gaol for robbery.; The gasket has blown.; The bank refused to accept any mortgage on land.; I give you this ring as a pledge of my everlasting love for you.; The company has gained international prestige.; Thinking angry thoughts can provoke strong physiological arousal.; The regime in this office is hard work and more hard work.; Caesar's legions marched through France and crossed into Britain.; 记者们在猜测是否会降息。; 他们在十月终止了我的合约。; 他们过低估计了他的才能。; 无照驾驶是违法行为。; 这一地区依赖旅游业谋发展是不明智的。; 那天晚上我是一个文艺复兴时代的人。; 他恳求得到宽恕。; 他欣然接受邀请去吃晚饭。; 农民们忙着在田里收割。; 这两辆汽车的式样、型号和颜色完全一样。; 汽缸里汽油太多而空气不足。; 她研究法国历史有很深的造诣。; 油井上的火焰一下子旺烧起来，直冲向漆黑的夜空。; 蔬菜价格随着季节变化而涨落。; 鲜艳的彩旗在微风中飘扬。; 我感觉自己有点虚弱。; 他们因为诈骗坐了十年牢。; 他是个暴躁的孩子。; 很难确定将有多少人受到该变化的影响。; 葬礼可以渲染生者痛失亲人的哀悼之情。; 很少看见孩子公然跟老师作对。; 我们的银河是一个不断演化的系统。; 这男人因犯抢劫罪而坐了几年牢。; 垫圈坏了。; 银行拒绝接受任何土地抵押。; 我把这枚戒指送给你作为我永志不渝的信物。; 该公司赢得了国际声誉。; 想着生气的事情能激起强烈的生理反应。; 该事务所的管理方式是让人努力再努力。; 凯撒的军团穿过法国进入英国。
