The grass had been saturated by overnight rain.; In cheap furniture, plastic is often used to simulate wood.; It is a useful software.; I don't know why he gets so upset about something so trivial.; I wrote a memorandum to confirm our verbal agreement.; The Swedes regard vocational training as a part of a youngster's education.; What inferences can we draw from these facts?; It is one of the great masterpieces of European art.; Drunk drivers are a menace to everyone.; Heavy snow disrupted travel into the city this morning.; Don't distract her from her studies.; Phone calls are the biggest disturbance at work.; Demonstrators handed out leaflets to the students.; It was agreed they would lease the apartment to him.; These mental exercises are designed to break linear thinking habits and encourage creativity.; There's an appendix at the end of the book with a list of dates.; He is afraid of going to the dentist.; He's very energetic, isn't he?; Which firm will be catering at the wedding reception?; The government has produced a Citizen's Charter.; They're not being very cooperative.; Small businesses have been exempted from the tax increase.; My brother was expelled from school for bad behavior.; I gave her very explicit directions how to get here.; He became a prominent attorney.; My grandfather suffered from kidney failure.; Why will supermarket trolleys never move in the direction that you push them in?; The owner of the house charged us for fixtures and fittings.; The conference delegates were transfixed by her speech.; She always wears a small gold crucifix round her neck.; 一夜的雨把草地淋透了。; 廉价家具经常用塑胶冒充木材。; 它是个好用的软体。; 我不明白他因何为芝麻大的事也如此烦恼。; 我写了份备忘录以确认我们的口头协议。; 瑞典人将职业训练视为年轻人应受教育的一部分。; 从这些事实中我们可以推出什么结论？; 它是欧洲艺术最杰出的作品之一。; 醉酒驾驶者对所有人都构成威胁。; 今晨的大雪扰乱了入城交通系统的正常运作。; 不要让她在学习上分心。; 接听电话是工作中最大的干扰。; 示威者将传单发给那些学生。; 按照约定他们要把公寓租给他。; 设计这些思维训练旨在打破线性思维习惯，激发革新所需的创造思维。; 书后有一个附录，列有年代日期。; 他很害怕看牙医。; 他很有活力，不是吗？; 将由哪家公司承办婚宴？; 政府制定了一套公民权利章程。; 他们不肯合作。; 小公司可免增税。; 我弟弟因为行为不当被学校开除了; 我明确地告诉她这里怎么走。; 他成了有名的律师。; 我爷爷得了肾衰竭。; 为什么超市的购物车总是不听人使唤呢？; 房主要我们支付使用固定设施的费用。; 与会代表被她的发言吓呆。; 她脖子上总是挂着一个小小的耶稣受难的金十字架。
