The doctor gave her an injection to alleviate the pain.; The school is situated near the park.; He advocates the return of capital punishment.; It isn't abnormal to have spots at your age.; What an absurd thing to say!; There is a tablet in memory of those who died.; So far the drug is thought not to have any adverse effects.; He advertises his services on the company notice board.; His mother admonished him for eating too quickly.; He has the patience of a saint with those kids.; Many companies operate regular job appraisals, often on an annual basis.; We tried to persuade her not to resign, but to no avail.; This room has a dual purpose, serving as both a study and a dining room.; The tongue is one of the vocal organs.; Meanwhile, the massive aerial bombing of military targets continued unabated.; You were damn lucky not to have been killed!; I bought lamb for Sunday lunch.; The girls went for a tramp through the woods.; I will amend my ways.; She tried to make amends by inviting him out to dinner.; The council has some spare cash, which it proposes to spend on public amenities.; He put his hand on the dog's flank.; The houses are Mediterranean in character.; The artist painted on the canvas.; The union safeguards the interests of all its members.; I attended practically every lecture and seminar when I was a student.; The ball rose in a high arc and fell behind the boundary line.; When she saw the money hidden in the box she gasped in surprise.; The police have so far been unable to ascertain the cause of the explosion.; Astronomy inherits from astrology.; 医生给她注射以减轻疼痛。; 该学校位于车站附近。; 他主张恢复死刑。; 你这年纪，脸上有斑不正常。; 这话多荒唐啊！; 那儿有一块匾纪念死去的人。; 迄今为止，人们一直认为这种药物没有任何副作用。; 他在公司的布告版上张贴广告来宣传其业务。; 他妈妈告诫他不要吃得太快。; 他对那些孩子有着圣人般的耐心。; 许多公司定期对雇员进行工作鉴定，通常是每年一次。; 我们力劝她不要辞职，可是没有用。; 这个房间有两个用途，既作书房又当饭厅。; 舌头是发声器官之一。; 同时，对于军事目标的大规模空袭仍在猛烈进行。; 你没送命可真够幸运！; 我买了羊肉当周日午餐。; 女孩去乡间远足。; 我要改正错误。; 她试图请他出去吃顿饭，藉此向他赔个不是。; 政务委员会有一些余款，计划用来增添一些公共便利设施。; 他把手放在狗的侧腹上。; 这些房子都属地中海风格。; 艺术家在画布上作画。; 工会捍卫每位成员的利益。; 我上学的时候，几乎参加了每一场讲座和研讨会。; 球在空中高高地划了一条弧线落在边线外。; 她看到藏在盒子里的钱时，惊得倒吸了一口气。; 警方到目前为止尚未查明爆炸原因。; 天文学的前身是占星术。
