Spain once dominated the seas.; Please donate generously.; The documents had been duplicated.; She was instrumental in bringing about the prison reform act.; He's an integral part of the team and we can't do without him.; The journalist took notes throughout the interview.; The difference between the two products is negligible.; Such a theory seems very plausible.; The farm is a highly profitable business.; She doesn't understand the emotional problems of adolescents.; Some of us feel that the union is in alliance with management against us.; They slowly ascended the steep path up the mountain.; Snow and ice have caused chaos on the roads.; The president said that his country was moving into a new epoch.; There is a rigid hierarchy of power in that country.; Do you know a good recipe for whole meal bread?; He was a recipient of the Civilian Service Award.; They have a reciprocal loathing for each other.; They were mocking him because he kept falling off his bike.; Can you give me a dime for two nickels?; I bought her a new tennis racket.; We try to preclude any possibility of misunderstanding.; Clamp the two pieces of wood together.; On Wednesday there will be a partial eclipse of the sun.; The Japanese recycle waste paper.; The carnival was a magnificent spectacle.; I was getting undressed in one of the cubicles.; They seem to have no coherent plan for saving the company.; We can see comets only when they come close to the earth.; I'm sick of having to smell another guy's cologne on you.; 西班牙曾经是海上霸主。; 请您慷慨解囊。; 这些文件已经被复印过了。; 监狱改革条例得以出台多亏她大力促成。; 他是球队不可或缺的一员，没有他我们可不行。; 这位新闻记者在整个面试过程中都有做笔记。; 两种产品之间的差异微乎其微。; 这一理论貌似十分有理。; 该农场是一个赢利颇丰的企业。; 她不太了解青少年的情绪问题。; 我们中一些人感到工会和资方联合起来对付我们。; 他们沿着陡峭的山路，缓缓地向上攀登。; 冰雪造成道路交通秩序混乱。; 总统说他的国家正在步入一个新时代。; 那个国家有一套严密的权力等级制度。; 你知道做全麦面包的好食谱吗？; 他被授予平民服务奖章。; 他们互相憎恨。; 他们不断嘲笑他，因为他老是从脚踏车上摔下来。; 你能给我把一角钱兑换成两个五分钱吗？; 我给她买了一支新的网球拍。; 我们努力排除任何误解的可能性。; 把两块木片紧紧夹在一起。; 周三将有一次日偏蚀。; 日本人回收废纸。; 嘉年华场面十分壮观。; 我正在其中的一个隔间里脱衣服。; 他们似乎没有一个协调一致的挽救公司的计划。; 只有当彗星接近地球时，我们才能看得见它们。; 我很讨厌闻到你身上别的男人的古龙水味道。
