He has dedicated his life to scientific research.; He degraded himself by cheating and telling lies.; As a boss, you have to delegate.; The job is open to applicants with over two years' experience in retail.; The car handles particularly well on rough terrain.; We landed at a tiny airstrip in the middle of the jungle.; He writes editorials for the newspaper.; Will you two never stop your eternal arguing!; They are exceptional students.; We asked a random selection of people what they thought.; These goods were damaged in transit.; The demonstration is a pointless act of defiance against the government.; The spring festival is the Lunar New Year.; The sea sparkled in the sunlight.; He was put in an isolation ward.; That was a horrible thing to say!; It seems incredible that no one foresaw the crisis.; The project has been delayed by innumerable problems.; I wish she wouldn't sit brooding in her room all day.; His arms and back were covered in bruises.; He is brimful of new ideas.; Don't give me that bull about not knowing the time.; Here is the latest bulletin about the President's health.; Don't let anyone bully you into doing something you don't want to do.; We took the road that bypasses the town.; We need to devise some sort of system whereby people can liaise with each other.; The king watched every road and byway in search of new wealth.; He was expelled from the academy of sciences.; Is this the line for the cafeteria?; We found that the whole kit and caboodle was fake.; 他把自己的一生都奉献给科学研究工作。; 他因欺骗、撒谎而损害了自己的人格。; 你作为老板必须要分派工作。; 这份工作面向有两年以上零售经验的应征者。; 这种汽车特别适宜在崎岖不平的地带行驶。; 我们在丛林中的一条狭小的简易跑道上降落。; 他为这家报纸撰写重要评论。; 你们俩永远也争吵不完！; 他们是优秀的学生。; 我们随机挑选一些人，问了他们的想法。; 这些货物在运输过程中损坏了。; 透过示威来对抗政府是一种毫无意义的行为。; 春节即是农历新年。; 大海在阳光下闪烁。; 他住进了隔离病房。; 说那种话真是可恶！; 令人难以置信的是没有人预见到危机会发生。; 由于问题太多，计划已延迟。; 我希望她不要整天呆在房间里忧心忡忡的。; 他手臂和背部到处是瘀伤。; 他有很多新的点子。; 别跟我说你不知道时间，那纯粹是瞎说。; 这是有关总统健康的最新公告。; 别让任何人胁迫你做你不愿做的事情。; 我们选择了绕过城镇的道路。; 我们需要设计一套办法，人们能够藉以互相保持联络。; 国王守候着每一条大路和小径，寻找新的财富。; 他被科学院开除了。; 学校餐厅在这里排队吗？; 我们发现所有的东西都是假的。
