He postulated that the earth was at the centre of the universe.; Plants need certain conditions to propagate.; A single beam of light radiated from the lighthouse.; Most people remember their first sexual experience.; This task is designed to test children's spatial awareness.; His main concern is to ensure his own political survival.; Yet change is the very essence of life.; She has so many facets to her personality.; They induced her to take the job by promising editorial freedom.; I'm contemplating going abroad for a year.; The book was very controversial.; There was a big controversy over the use of drugs in athletics.; She discovered, to her dismay, that her exam was a whole month earlier than she'd expected.; When the rain came down the crowds started to disperse.; What amazes me is her complete disregard for anyone else's opinion.; I couldn't find reverse gear.; The wounds were gradually healing up.; He heaved the bag onto his shoulder.; The opinions of his peers are more important to him.; Thousands of refugees fled across the border.; She's as slippery as an eel.; If he is caught again he will be given a custodial sentence.; When I first went to New York, it all felt very alien to me.; We drove through a barren and rocky landscape.; A little money can be a useful buffer in time of need.; They make no more than a mutter of protest.; I averted my gaze while he dressed.; We attempted to manoeuvre the canoe closer to him.; I need to change my pounds into euros.; He needs no eulogy from me or from any other man.; 他假定地球是宇宙的中心。; 植物需要一定的条件才能繁殖。; 一束光从灯塔射出。; 大多数人都记得他们的第一次性经验。; 这一个任务是为测试孩子的空间概念而设计的。; 他主要关心的还是保住自己的政治前途。; 然而变迁正是人生的本质。; 她的性格具有多面性。; 他们向她保证有编辑自由，以劝服她接受这项工作。; 我打算出国一年。; 这本书很有争议。; 体育界对使用违禁药物争议很大。; 她郁闷地发现考试比她预料的早了整整一个月。; 雨下来时人群开始四处散开。; 让我吃惊的是，她完全无视他人的意见。; 我找不着倒车档。; 伤口在逐渐愈合。; 他把袋子扛上肩膀。; 同辈的意见对他来说比较重要。; 数以千计的难民越过边境逃入邻国。; 她像鳗鱼一样狡猾。; 如果他再次被捕，将会被处以监禁。; 我初到纽约的时候，觉得一切都非常陌生。; 我们驾车经过一个到处都是岩石的不毛之地。; 在急需时，很少一点钱就能解燃眉之急。; 他们只不过是低声抗议了一下。; 他穿衣服的时候，我把目光转向一边。; 我们试图让独木舟靠他更近一些。; 我需要把英镑换成欧元。; 他不需要我或者任何一个人来颂扬。
