From the hill he looked down on the peaceful landscape.; The army must give power back to the legitimate government.; Throughout her career she has very successfully manipulated the media.; This sewing machine is operated by a foot pedal.; There are now stiffer penalties for drunken drivers.; They lived in perpetual fear of being discovered.; I thought he was a decent person.; The government's economic policy has been denounced on all sides.; They trace their line of descent back to a French duke.; Most people willingly conform to the customs of society.; The soldiers were confronted by two terrorists.; To conserve electricity, we are cutting down on our heating.; It is an illness that afflicts women more than men.; How dare you contradict me!; Some parts of secret files are available to the public, but heavily redacted.; Far more resources are needed to improve adult literacy.; The new law is designed to protect people's privacy.; He made little proficiency in literary accomplishments.; The recent pattern of weather deviates from the norm for this time of year.; A witness gave a detailed description of the man.; Most of the buildings were old and decrepit.; The writer managed to distil his ideas into one succinct article.; I could just discern a figure in the darkness.; The police have disclosed that two officers are under internal investigation.; One of the drawbacks of living with someone is having to share a bathroom.; A severe drought this year has ruined the crops.; Most of what's on TV is dreck.; A smooth and dry surface helps the tiles adhere to the wall.; The illness is believed to be caused by a defective gene.; The bush had been pruned into a perfect hemisphere.; 他站在山上眺望下面的宁静景色。; 军队必须将权力交还给合法政府。; 她在整个职业生涯中非常成功地控制了媒体。; 这台缝纫机是用脚踏板来操作的。; 现在对酗酒开车的处罚更严厉了。; 他们长期生活在恐惧中，担心被发现。; 我以为他是个正派人物。; 政府的经济政策受到了各方面的谴责。; 他们的先人可以追溯到一位法国公爵。; 大多数人都愿意遵守社会习俗。; 士兵迎面遇到两名恐怖份子。; 为了省电，我们在减少中央供热。; 患这种疾病的女性多于男性。; 你怎么敢顶撞我！; 有一些秘密档公众可以看到，但是内容已被大量删减。; 提高成年人的读写能力所需要的资源还远远不够。; 新法律旨在保护人们的隐私权。; 他在文学方面成就不多。; 近来的天气状况与往年同期相比有些异常。; 一位目击者详细描述了那个人的样貌特征。; 这些建筑物大多数又老又破。; 作家努力把他的想法浓缩成一篇简练的文章。; 在黑暗中我只能看出一个人影。; 警方公布说有两名员警正在接受内部调查。; 和别人合住的缺点之一就是不得不合用洗手间。; 今年严重的旱灾把庄稼都给毁了。; 电视上大部分都是劣质的节目。; 平滑干燥的墙面有助于瓷砖黏在墙上。; 据信，这种疾病是由基因缺陷引起的。; 树丛被修剪成了一个完美的半球。
