He is the chief.; There was a chill in the air this morning.; I felt a bit chilly, so I put on a jacket.; We're going to move to a warmer climate.; The climax of the air show was a daring flying display.; He spent the whole morning clipping the trees.; I don't want any comments about my new haircut.; Our overseas commerce has increased a great deal.; The TV show was interrupted by too many commercials.; Without wishing to sound conceited, I am the best salesperson in the company.; He couldn't conceive of a time when he would have no job.; I can't concentrate on my work with all that noise.; You must be able to deal with all possible contingencies.; The Japanese yen is one of the stronger currencies in the world.; Pregnant women often suffer from iron deficiency.; In China, her blonde hair was conspicuous.; He was contemptuous of all authority.; She was always courteous.; He stated firmly that no concessions will be made to the terrorists.; I can't ask for help. It feels like a confession of failure.; Solar power is the conversion of the sun's energy into heat and electricity.; She loved the creamy consistency of fresh paint.; Diagnosis of the disease is difficult in the early stages.; Every transistor has at least three electrodes.; People from different cultures have different conceptions of the world.; The shooting of the police officer has received universal condemnation.; We get a lot of condensation on the walls in the winter.; This is the fifth consecutive weekend that I've spent working.; Older people tend to be more conservative.; They're not being very cooperative.; 他是首领。; 今天早上有点冷飕飕的。; 我觉得有点冷，所以就穿了件夹克。; 我们将搬到气候比较暖和的地方去。; 航空展的高潮是惊险刺激的飞行表演。; 他花了整个上午的时间修剪这些树。; 我不想听到谁对我的新发型说三道四。; 我们的海外贸易已大大增加。; 那档电视节目插进的商业广告太多了，不断被打断。; 不是我自夸，我是公司最好的推销员。; 他不能想像有一天他会没有工作。; 那么吵，我没法集中精力。; 你必须能应付一切可能发生的意外事件。; 日元是世界上较坚挺的货币之一。; 孕妇常常缺铁。; 在中国，她的金发十分显眼。; 他蔑视一切权威。; 她总是谦恭有礼。; 他强硬地宣称不会对恐怖分子作出任何让步。; 我不能请求帮助，那感觉就像是承认失败。; 太阳能动力是将太阳能转化为热和电。; 她喜欢新鲜油漆鲜奶油状的黏性。; 这种病的早期诊断很难。; 每个电晶体管至少有三个电极。; 不同文化背景的人对世界持有不同的看法。; 枪杀员警事件受到了大众的一致谴责。; 冬天，我们的墙上会凝结很多水珠。; 这是我连续第五个周末加班。; 上年纪的人往往比较保守。; 他们不肯合作。
