He has obtained a degree in psychology.; She has a degree in sociology and politics.; We're working on new strategies to improve our share of the market.; It's always prudent to read a contract carefully before signing it.; You can see many remnants of the Roman civilization in Italy.; The local residents were angry.; Promise me that you won't tell her.; Try to be prompt because we'll be very short of time.; One official dismissed the ceasefire as a mere propaganda exercise.; The prevailing mood is one of optimism.; These diseases are more prevalent among young children.; I sent my husband to represent me at the funeral.; He pulled the chair away from the desk.; The child's pulse was strong.; Her school report described her as a very promising pupil.; The magazine will be published quarterly.; Quartzes and rock salt have the highest conductivities.; There used to be a small hotel on the quay.; These differences are only quantitative.; Are your opinions representative of all the workers here?; He drove them both to their respective homes.; He recalled the stainless purity of his boyish life.; Performance is less important than reliability in a car.; She takes her responsibilities as a nurse very seriously.; The hunters spent hours pursuing their prey.; The lifeboat rescued the sailors from the sinking boat.; Taxes provide most of the government's revenue.; The company is ruthless in its pursuit of profit.; Even young boys are now being recruited into the army.; Have you packed your suitcase yet?; 他已在心理學方面獲得學位。; 她擁有社會學和政治學學位。; 我們正在制訂新策略來增加我們的市場佔有率。; 簽合約前先好好看一下，這樣做永遠都是明智的。; 在義大利，你可以看到許多羅馬文明的遺跡。; 當地居民很生氣。; 答應我你不會告訴她。; 儘量快點，因為我們時間很緊迫。; 一名官員將停火斥為赤裸裸的宣傳伎倆。; 現有的情緒是樂觀的。; 這些疾病在幼兒中更普遍。; 我請我丈夫代表我參加葬禮。; 他把椅子從書桌旁拉開。; 那個孩子的脈搏很有力。; 她在成績單中被描述成一個非常有前途的學生。; 這份雜誌每季出版一期。; 石英鹽和岩鹽的熱導率最高。; 碼頭上曾經有個小旅館。; 這些只不過是數量上的不同而已。; 你的意見可以代表這裡所有工人的想法嗎？; 他駕車把他們分別送到家裡。; 他記得純潔無瑕的童年生活。; 汽車的可靠性比其機械性能更重要。; 身為護士，她對自己的工作極爲認真。; 獵人們花費數小時追捕獵物。; 救生艇將水手們從正在下沈的船上救起。; 政府收入的大部分來自稅收。; 公司為追求利潤不擇手段。; 就連很年輕的男生都被徵召入伍了。; 你把衣物都放進手提箱了嗎？
