There are sixteen ounces in a pound.; I don't like the pace of modern life.; How do the French perceive the British?; She has studied the cultures of oriental countries.; She's proficient in two languages.; His rudeness rendered me speechless.; These murders have provoked outrage across the country.; The charity enjoys the patronage of many prominent local business people.; I give you this ring as a pledge of my everlasting love for you.; Click on this link to our website.; You pull on both reins to stop or slow a horse, but only the left rein to turn left.; The flood ruined everything.; Scientists discovered the existence of organisms on this planet.; The statue symbolizes patriotism, progress and peace.; Tourism is Venice's main industry.; She went in this morning and noticed one of the ornaments was missing.; He was the first teacher to go into parliament.; Keep to the pavement.; She is optimistic about her chances of winning a gold medal.; English is compulsory for all students, but art and music are optional.; Let's go back to the topic.; He passed his German oral exam.; My orchard is bearing well this year.; The orchestra played a Mozart symphony.; If the weather is good, we'll eat outdoors.; These spacecraft may send back data about the outermost reaches of the solar system.; The new law will outlaw smoking in public places.; A mixture of selected funds is an optimum choice for future security and return on investment.; This land is rich with petroleum.; He's got rather plump since I last saw him.; 一磅等於十六盎司。; 我不喜歡現代生活的步調。; 法國人是如何看待英國人的？; 她研究過東方各國的文化。; 她精通兩種語言。; 他的粗暴無禮讓我無言以對。; 這些謀殺事件激起了全國公眾的憤慨。; 這家慈善機構獲得了本地許多重要的商人的贊助。; 我把這枚戒指送給你作為我永志不渝的信物。; 點選此連結到我們的網址。; 拉兩邊的繮繩來讓馬停住或放慢速度，但是要想左轉時，只需拉左邊的繮繩。; 洪水毀滅了一切。; 科學家在這個星球上發現了有機體的存在。; 這尊雕像象徵著愛國、進步與和平。; 旅遊業是威尼斯的主要產業。; 今天早晨她一進去就發現丟了一件飾品。; 他是第一個進入議會的老師。; 沿著人行道走。; 她對贏得金牌很樂觀。; 英語是所有學生的必修課，而藝術和音樂則是選修的。; 讓我們回到主題吧。; 他通過了德文口試。; 我的果園今年碩果纍纍。; 樂隊演奏了一首莫札特的交響曲。; 如果天氣好，我們將在室外用餐。; 這些太空船可能會發回關於太陽系最外層區域的數據。; 新法律將禁止在公共場所吸煙。; 同時選擇幾種基金是確保未來投資安全和投資收益的最佳選擇。; 這片土地盛產石油。; 自從我上次見到他以來，他胖了很多。
