An important meeting necessitates my being in Boston on Friday.; The increase in our profits has been negated by the rising costs of running the business.; He's been nominated by the Green Party as their candidate in the next election.; Mutual understanding is essential to friendship.; I put him down as a retired naval officer.; She's the nominal head of our college.; Signs of the illness include fever, nausea, and vomiting.; The economic slowdown has caused our sales to plateau.; This sauce uses mushroom as its seasoning.; The difference between the two products is negligible.; Everything is negotiable at this stage.; Getting both sides to agree was a notable achievement.; The minister intervened personally to stop the museum from being closed.; We have been inundated with requests for help.; The foreign invaders were finally defeated by allied forces.; A mysterious light came from the deserted house.; I was too nervous to speak.; The company is notorious for paying its bills late.; They showed the goal in slow motion.; He just lacks motivation.; Mechanics discovered problems with the plane's navigation system.; A negation is profound talking.; Peace negotiations are still going on.; There have been two nominations for the new job.; We received a negative answer.; A judge must give an objective opinion.; The agreement will not become operative until all members have signed.; The peace conference would have to be held in a neutral country.; This is the stabilization of the neutron.; Nitrogen is the most commonly used gas.; 我星期五必须到波士顿参加一个重要的会议。; 我们的盈利增长被日益增加的经营成本所抵销。; 他被绿党提名为下届选举的候选人。; 相互理解对友谊至关重要。; 我看他是个退役的海军军官。; 她名义上是我们学院的校长。; 这种病的症状包括发烧、恶心和呕吐。; 经济发展减缓，导致我们的产品销量停滞不前。; 这酱汁用磨菇调味。; 两种产品之间的差异微乎其微。; 这个阶段任何事情都可以协商的。; 使双方达成共识是一项显著的成就。; 部长亲自干预以阻止博物馆的关闭。; 求助申请多得让我们应接不暇。; 外国侵略者最终被联军击败了。; 废弃的房屋里亮起了神秘的灯光。; 我紧张得说不出话来。; 该公司出了名地喜欢拖欠帐单。; 他们用慢镜头重播了这个进球。; 他只是不够积极。; 技工发现了飞机导航系统所出的问题。; 否定的说法很深奥。; 和平谈判仍在进行。; 这项新工作有两位提名人选。; 我们遭到拒绝。; 评判员必须发表公正的意见。; 所有的成员都签字后，协议才会生效。; 和平会议必须在一个中立国举行。; 这就是中子的稳定性。; 氮气是最常用的气体。
