His latest novel is selling really well.; Draw a pair of parallel lines.; The new director is likely to make major changes in personnel.; I'm afraid your driving license is invalid in Eastern Europe.; A contract is invalidated if only one party signs it.; Their generosity was in inverse proportion to their income.; Thanks, nevertheless.; He was found guilty of reckless driving.; This job is open to all, regardless of previous experience.; The newspapers are notably biased.; Occasionally I'll have a piece of chocolate, but it's very rare.; The drug paralyses the nerves so that there is no feeling or movement in the legs.; It was a thorough waste of time.; He has a thoughtful approach to his work.; People throughout the country are out of work.; I have only a vague notion of what she does for a living.; You have a legal obligation to ensure your child receives an education.; There's some kind of obstruction on the railway tracks.; The novelty of these toys soon wore off and the children became bored with them.; He goes fishing at every opportunity.; We were impressed by the originality of the children's work.; I gazed at her in mute admiration.; His answers were obscure and confusing.; Would it be opportune to discuss the contract now?; These councils would form the nucleus of a future regime.; The radius of this wheel is thirty centimeters.; Viruses may be present in tap water.; Government troops have overwhelmed the rebels and seized control of the capital.; She felt an overwhelming desire to tell someone about what had happened.; She considers teaching a worthwhile career.; 他的最新小说非常畅销。; 画两条平行线。; 新主管可能会在人事上做出大变动。; 恐怕你的驾驶执照在东欧无效。; 如果只有一方签字，契约即无效。; 他们的慷慨程度与他们的收入水准成反比。; 尽管如此，还是多谢了。; 他被判鲁莽驾驶罪名成立。; 这份工作任何人都可以应聘，不管其以前的工作经历如何。; 报纸显然有所偏袒。; 我偶尔会吃块巧克力，不过这种时候极少。; 这种药物会麻痹神经，使腿部失去知觉或不能活动。; 这完全是浪费时间。; 他工作很细心周到。; 全国各地的人们都失去了工作。; 我不太清楚她靠什么谋生。; 法律规定你有义务确保自己的孩子接受教育。; 铁轨上有障碍物。; 孩子们对这些玩具的新鲜感很快就消失了，开始厌倦起来。; 他一有机会就去钓鱼。; 孩子们作品的独创性给我们留下了深刻的印象。; 我默默地凝视着她，心生爱慕之情。; 他的回答模糊不清，令人费解。; 现在讨论这项合约合适吗？; 这些委员会将成为一个未来政权的核心。; 这个轮子的半径是三十公分。; 病毒可以存在自来水中。; 政府军已击败了叛乱者，控制了首都。; 她感到有一种抑制不住的欲望想告诉别人所发生的事情。; 她把教书看成是一项值得从事的事业。
