Crude oil is used as the raw material for making plastics.; She won three Olympic gold medals.; The service is a memorial to those killed in the war.; We paused to marvel at the view.; The revolution overthrew the monarch.; The gift shop in Paris overcharged me ten dollars.; There has been a marginal improvement in the firm's sales.; It's about the origin of the universe.; He registers the birth of his son.; So have we become a self-centred society, preoccupied with materialism?; These automatic cameras have a special focusing mechanism.; There was a note of optimism in his voice as he spoke about the company's future.; Many a mariner lost his life on these rocks.; He likes to show off his masculine physique.; He ordered the massacre of two thousand women and children.; At the mouth of the river is a large area of marsh.; The company is marshalling its resources for a long court case.; The members of the team just didn't mesh.; If the drought continues, deaths will occur on a massive scale.; He told some really offensive sexist jokes.; He's very passive in the relationship.; We found an old sheep skeleton up on the cliffs.; My mother made a sketch of my brother.; The soldiers discovered a pile of human skulls and bones.; She tied on the flag and ran it up the mast.; He had a thick and black moustache.; He can be very obstinate at times.; He's very mature for his age.; I bought some miniature furniture for my niece's doll's house.; These plants need a rich soil that retains moisture.; 原油是制造塑胶的原料。; 她获得了三块奥运金牌。; 祈祷仪式是为纪念在战争中牺牲的人。; 我们停下来，感叹景色之美。; 这场革命推翻了君主。; 这家巴黎的礼品店向我多收了十美元的费用。; 公司的销售额略有增长。; 这是关于宇宙的起源。; 他为他儿子作出生登记。; 我们的社会已变成一个以自我为中心、物质主义盛行的社会了吗？; 这些自动相机有特殊的对焦装置。; 谈到公司的未来，他语气里带着乐观情绪。; 许多水手在这些礁石上丢了性命。; 他喜欢炫耀他的阳刚之气。; 他下令屠杀了两千名妇女和儿童。; 河口处是一大片沼泽地。; 这家公司正集中资源打一场旷日费时的官司。; 团队成员间根本没有互相配合。; 如果旱情持续，将有大批人死亡。; 他讲了一些极令人不快的性别歧视的笑话。; 他在这段关系中非常被动。; 我们在悬崖上发现了一副老绵羊的骨架。; 我母亲画了一张我弟弟的素描。; 士兵们发现了一堆人的头盖骨和白骨。; 她把旗子系上，顺杆升起。; 他留着浓密的黑色八字胡。; 他有的时候会非常固执。; 以他的年纪来说，他已非常成熟。; 我为侄女的玩具屋买了一些模型家具模型。; 这些植物需要一种能保持水分、养分充足的土壤。
