A car engine needs to be well lubricated with oil.; Throughout her career she has very successfully manipulated the media.; We've been mates since our school days.; You will need to show more than just a literal understanding of the text.; She's very loyal to her friends.; Work done by machines has replaced manual labor.; This valley was lumbered hard during the past decade.; Millers and bakers sought low grain prices.; He sold his company to become Minister of Agriculture.; Although our skin looks smooth, when magnified it is full of bumps and holes.; The proposals were unpopular and were only accepted in a modified form.; Has everyone been notified of the decision?; Insert the key into the lock.; According to insiders, the committee is having difficulty making up its mind.; The difference between the two results was insignificant.; Dark storm clouds loomed on the horizon.; Wind the wire in loops and put it away in the toolshed.; There were some loose wires hanging out of the wall.; I won the lottery.; I like to buy myself little luxuries from time to time.; That tune really brings back memories.; Hands and feet are locomotive organs; Does he have a motive for lying about where he was?; She's a native Californian.; He is a man of lofty ideals.; To what do you attribute your longevity?; This music has majesty, power, and passion.; The line of zero degree longitude passes through Greenwich.; They don't seem to grasp the magnitude of the problem.; The full computer program is made up of several modules.; 汽车引擎需要用油充分润滑。; 她在整个职业生涯中非常成功地控制了媒体。; 我们从学生时代起就是朋友。; 你需要显示自己对文本的理解没有仅仅停留在字面含义上。; 她对朋友非常忠诚。; 机器生产已经代替了手工劳动。; 在过去十年里，这个山谷的林木被大肆采伐。; 磨粉厂主和面包师傅寻求低廉的谷物价格。; 他为了当农业部长把公司卖了。; 我们的皮肤看上去很光滑，但放大后却满是坑坑洼洼。; 这些建议不受欢迎，修改之后才得以接受。; 这决定已经通知每一个人了吗？; 将锁匙插入锁中。; 据知情人士宣称，委员会很难作出决定。; 两个结果之间的差别无足轻重。; 天边隐约出现了一团团的乌云。; 把铁丝绕成圈圈，放到工具棚里。; 墙上搭着几根没有接好的电线。; 我中乐透啦。; 我喜欢时不时地给自己买些小小的奢侈品。; 那首乐曲真的使我想起往事。; 手和脚是运动器官。; 他有必要隐瞒自己去过哪里吗？; 她是土生土长的加州人。; 他是一个有崇高理想的人。; 你的长寿归功于哪些因素？; 这首乐曲富有气势、力量和激情。; 经度零度线穿过格林威治。; 他们似乎没有领会到问题的重要性。; 电脑的整个程式由几个模组组成。
