Maybe she gets drunk to obliterate painful memories.; The game is thought to have originated among the native peoples of Alaska.; I had to walk very fast to overtake you.; Keep your files in numerical order.; The original price of the car was a bit too high.; The handles on each side of the box are purely ornamental.; I am obedient to my parents.; I hope I haven't offended you.; Many people believe that a broken mirror is an omen of bad luck.; All my hard work was nullified when I lost my notes.; Plants help to purify the air.; He testified that he had seen the man leaving the building around the time of the murder.; Don't involve me in your quarrel!; We arrived in fine style in a hired limousine.; We asked the superintendent to fix the broken window in our apartment.; Her objection against the plan is based on incorrect facts.; Her latest project is a film.; The film is run through a projector.; These covers are one hundred percent nylon.; What's your opinion about the matter?; The government has brutally crushed the rebellion.; What is the perimeter of this oblong?; We were having such a good time that we decided to prolong our stay by another week.; A huge throng had gathered around the speaker.; He has a numerous collection of stamps.; It's obvious she doesn't like him.; There was an ominous silence when I asked whether my contract was going to be renewed.; They have two nurseries in their house.; We've decided to change the design based on our preliminary findings.; It is my primary concern.; 也许她喝醉酒是为了忘却痛苦的往事。; 据认为，这项运动起源于阿拉斯加的土著人。; 为了赶上你，我不得不走得很快。; 把你的文件按照数字顺序排列。; 这辆汽车的原价太高了一点。; 盒子两边的把手纯粹是装饰用的。; 我对父母言听计从。; 我希望我未冒犯您。; 许多人相信打碎镜子是噩运之兆。; 由于遗失了笔记，我所有的辛苦心血都化为乌有。; 植物有助于净化空气。; 他作证说自己看到那人在谋杀案案发前后离开了大楼。; 不要把我牵扯进你们的争吵中！; 我们很气派地乘坐出租的豪华汽车到达那里。; 我们请管理员把我们公寓破碎的玻璃窗修一下。; 她对这项计划的反对基于错误的数据。; 她最新的企划是一部影片。; 影片通过投影机放映。; 这些套子是百分之百尼龙的。; 你对这件事有什么看法？; 政府残酷镇压了叛乱。; 这个矩形的周长是多少？; 我们过得非常愉快，决定再多待一个星期。; 讲者周围聚集了一大群人。; 他收藏着许多邮票。; 显然她不喜欢他。; 当我询问我会否获得续约时，回答我的是不祥的沉默。; 他们家里有两间育儿室。; 我们决定依据初步调查的结果对设计方案进行更改。; 这是我最关心的事。
