He spoke with a pronounced English accent.; The political situation was now relatively quiescent.; What relevance does that point have to the discussion?; Good humor is a promoter of friendship.; There is a tavern at the corner of the street.; She's an attorney who advises companies about mergers and takeovers.; Diet varies between different countries in the world.; It is purified water.; The two older children tend to vie with the younger one for their mother's attention.; Society has changed so profoundly over the last fifty years.; Health and safety rules are routinely ignored.; She picked up a metal bar and waved it threateningly.; He proofread completed letters very carefully.; We must retool the town's economy.; It is a woollen scarf.; A craze is a thin platelike region.; The duke plotted to supplant the king.; We used a plank to cross the ditch.; Quails' eggs are considered to be a delicacy.; The old lady sequestered herself from all strangers.; Isabella had been taught unquestioning obedience.; Freud is known as the father of psychoanalysis.; Johnny was the most persistent and most harmless of her admirers.; They were united in their insistence that she should go to college.; This is a system of water purification.; The atomization process is more sensitive to disturbance than vaporization.; Our overseas subsection is based in the Bahamas.; The police must obtain a warrant from a judge in order to search a house.; A true warrior values glory and honor above life.; Such policies had worked brilliantly in postwar Europe and Japan.; 他說話帶著濃重的英國口音。; 政治形勢目前暫時平靜。; 那一點和我們正在討論的議題有甚麽相關性嗎？; 良好的幽默感能促進友誼。; 街道的拐角處有一家酒館。; 她是一位律師，提供公司合併、收購方面的諮詢服務。; 世界各國的飲食各不相同。; 它是純淨水。; 兩個大一點的孩子正在和小的爭寵，都想博得媽媽的注意。; 在過去的五十年裡，社會發生了極度重大的變化。; 衛生和安全法規經常被忽視。; 她撿起一根金屬棍，威脅地揮了揮。; 他把完成的書信很小心地校對。; 我們必須對鄉鎮經濟進行重組。; 它是條羊毛圍巾。; 小裂紋是一個類似薄片的區域。; 公爵陰謀取代國王的地位。; 我們利用一塊木板跨過了溝。; 鵪鶉蛋被視為美味的佳餚。; 那位老太太隱退起來不見任何陌生人。; 伊莎貝拉被教導要無條件服從。; 佛洛德是廣為人知的心理分析學的鼻祖。; 約翰是追她的人中最癡心、最沒有心機的一個。; 他們一致堅持她應上大學。; 這是水淨化系統。; 霧化過程比汽化過程對擾動更為敏感。; 我們的海外分部設在巴哈馬群島。; 警察必須從法官處取得搜查令才可搜查房子。; 一個真正的勇士珍視榮譽勝過生命。; 這種政策在戰后的歐洲和日本成效卓著。
