The report said that the victims had suffocated in the fumes.; Hotel guests are requested to vacate their rooms by noon.; The data is validated automatically by the computer after it has been entered.; The president's speech was greeted by sustained applause.; Bad books will taint the young mind.; Despite the critical acclaim, the novel did not sell well.; Keep your letter succinct and to the point.; I don't think he intended her any disrespect.; We got the Post Office to redirect our mail when we moved.; Molten volcanic lava solidifies as it cools.; I have always found the thought of eternity terrifying.; The new leader hopes to unify the country.; He was appointed to superintend the toy department.; The paint we're using for the bathroom is white with a yellow tint.; The barn was infested with rats.; This mask leaves your complexion feeling soft and supple.; She is an ardent disciple of Gandhi.; The product provided inadequate vitamin and mineral supplementation.; Months are a conventional subdivision of the year.; White was both visionary and rationalist.; He brought a tremendous infusion of hope to the people.; Never in his life had he gazed on such splendor.; Stay away from a spiny cactus.; They do their own cooking, spinning, and woodworking.; Billie Holiday was famous for singing the blues.; As employers we need to be seen to be addressing these issues sympathetically.; She is suing her husband for divorce.; Tramps are from the lowest stratum of society.; She longed for something to relieve the tedium of everyday life.; Magnesium is the nutrient element in plant growth.; 報告說那些受害者是被煙熏死的。; 飯店房客務請在中午之前退房。; 資料登錄後，電腦會自動識別其有效性。; 總統的演講博得了持續不停的掌聲。; 壞書會毒害年輕人的思想。; 雖然這本小說在評論界贏得讚譽，但並不暢銷。; 信一定要寫得簡明扼要。; 我認為他對她沒有不敬的意思。; 搬家後我們讓郵局給我們轉寄郵件。; 火山熔岩冷卻後變成固體。; 我向來覺得永生的想法很可怕。; 新領袖希望把國家統一起來。; 他獲任玩具部的主管。; 我們刷浴室的塗料是白色的，但有點偏黃。; 穀倉裡到處都是老鼠。; 這種面膜能使你的皮膚變得柔軟細嫩。; 她是甘地的忠實追隨者。; 這種產品不能充分補充維生素和礦物質。; 通常可將一年再按月細分。; 懷特既有遠見又充滿理性。; 他給人們帶來巨大希望。; 他生平從沒有見過如此輝煌壯麗的場面。; 遠離多刺仙人掌。; 他們自己做飯，紡紗，做木工活。; 比莉哈樂黛以演唱藍調聞名。; 作為僱主，我們需要讓大家知道我們在處理這些問題時富有同情心。; 她正在和丈夫打官司要求離婚。; 流浪漢來自社會最下層。; 她渴望有什麼事情能排解她日常生活中的煩悶。; 鎂是植物生長的營養要素。
