Her writing is barely comprehensible to me.; He owns considerable real estate.; They haven't produced any credible evidence for convicting him.; Read Chapter ten before class tomorrow.; The girl's warm personality is her greatest charm.; The sales chart shows a distinct decline in the past few months.; The wires were fastened together with a plastic clip.; Put your clothes back into the closet.; On Wednesday there will be a partial eclipse of the sun.; Australia and New Zealand are former British colonies.; She writes fashion column.; I prefer Shakespeare's comedies to his tragedies.; Our overseas commerce has increased a great deal.; The TV show was interrupted by too many commercials.; He was sent to prison for a crime that he didn't commit.; The listening device was concealed in a pen.; The government has conceded the new tax policy has been a disaster.; He couldn't conceive of a time when he would have no job.; The dresser drawer was partitioned into four compartments.; The music complements her voice perfectly.; It's the nicest compliment I've ever had.; We offer you a comprehensive training in all aspects of the business.; This room is for the exclusive use of guests.; Certain gases are highly explosive.; If any complications arise, let me know and I'll help.; People from different cultures have different conceptions of the world.; He's in no condition to drive home.; He's a comparative stranger.; Comparatively speaking, this machine is easy to use.; A competitive person loves to win and hates to lose.; 她的作品我几乎不能理解。; 他拥有相当可观的房地产。; 他们没有拿出任何可信的证据来给他定罪。; 明天上课前阅读第十章。; 那女孩热情的个性是她最迷人之处。; 销售图显示在过去几个月里销售量明显下降。; 这些电线用一个塑胶夹子扣在一起。; 把你的衣服放回衣柜。; 周三将有一次日偏蚀。; 澳洲和纽西兰从前是英国的殖民地。; 她写时尚专栏。; 我喜欢莎士比亚的喜剧胜过他的悲剧。; 我们的海外贸易已大大增加。; 那档电视节目插进的商业广告太多了，不断被打断。; 他蒙冤入狱。; 窃听装置藏在笔里。; 政府承认新的税收政策是彻底失败的。; 他不能想像有一天他会没有工作。; 梳妆台的抽屉隔成四小格。; 音乐完美地衬托出她的嗓音。; 这是我听到的最好的恭维话。; 我们向你提供这个行业各方面的综合培训。; 这间房是专供客人使用的。; 某些气体极易爆炸。; 如果发生什么麻烦事，告诉我一声，我会帮忙的。; 不同文化背景的人对世界持有不同的看法。; 他的状况根本不能自己开车回家。; 我不怎么认识他。; 比较而言，这台机器用起来很方便。; 爱竞争的人喜欢赢讨厌输。
