Her dress was tightly belted, accentuating the slimness of her waist.; We watched, our mouths agape in excitement.; He was annihilated in the finals of the competition.; Is this film appropriate for small children?; That cat is the bane of my life!; As a boss, you have to delegate.; In the last year our house has depreciated in value.; Traditionally, the president designates his or her successor.; The earthquake devastated a large part of the city.; At night, the pupils dilate to allow in more light.; The police eliminated him from their enquiries.; He enumerated the benefits of the insurance scheme.; He doesn't enunciate his words very clearly.; Don't evaluate people by their clothes.; She was exasperated to find nobody at home.; She expatiated upon her work for the duration of the meal.; The beans will only germinate if the temperature is warm enough.; He's humiliated her beyond endurance.; This English textbook is well illustrated.; They're likely to hold big sales to liquidate their inventory.; Throughout her career she has very successfully manipulated the media.; Documentaries are often narrated by well-known actors.; An important meeting necessitates my being in Boston on Friday.; I am negotiating for a new contract.; The river is populated mainly by smaller species of fish.; A single beam of light radiated from the lighthouse.; She spent a month in the country recuperating after the operation.; He is poorly remunerated for all the work he does.; He renovates old houses and sells them at a profit.; The grass had been saturated by overnight rain.; 她裙子的衣带系得很紧，凸显出苗条的腰身。; 我们看着，兴奋得张大了嘴。; 在决赛中，他被打了个落花流水。; 这部电影适合幼童观看吗？; 那只猫简直是我的扫把星！; 你作为老板必须要分派工作。; 我们的房子在过去一年间贬值了。; 按照传统，总统要选定其接班人。; 地震毁坏了一大部分城市。; 到了晚上，瞳孔就会扩大以接收更多光线。; 员警已把他排除在调查对象之外。; 他列出了这项保险方案的种种益处。; 他说话发音不是太清晰。; 不要根据衣着来评价人。; 她因发现没人在家而生气。; 她一直在饭桌上滔滔不绝地谈论她的工作。; 豆只有在温度足够高时才会发芽。; 他把她羞辱得无地自容。; 这本英文教科书有精美的插图。; 他们可能会举行清仓大甩卖。; 她在整个职业生涯中非常成功地控制了媒体。; 纪录片常常由著名演员作旁白。; 我星期五必须到波士顿参加一个重要的会议。; 我正在为签订一份新合同进行协商。; 这条河里大部分是小型鱼类。; 一束光从灯塔射出。; 她手术后在乡间休养了一个月。; 他做了那么多工作，可是得到的报酬却很少。; 他靠翻修老房子再出售赚钱。; 一夜的雨把草地淋透了。
