I wanted a last drink of coffee, but there were only dregs left.; She eyed him with a droll expression.; I've never considered my disability a hindrance, but other people have.; Sundry distant relatives, most of whom I hardly recognized, turned up for my brother's wedding.; All the rose bushes seem to be suffering from the same mysterious malady.; The rhapsody reminds people of a vast plain!; Poor standards of hygiene mean that the disease spreads fast.; In the raid, police found several boxes of obscene DVDs.; You can find books easily in this library.; Engineers are endeavoring to locate the source of the problem.; From what I was able to glean, it appears they don't intend to take any action yet.; He broke his brother's new bike in a fit of jealousy.; These mental exercises are designed to break linear thinking habits and encourage creativity.; The moonbeam breaks through rifted clouds.; The peasants quit laboring in the fields.; It was pleasant to sit down.; The heat from the explosion seared their hands and faces.; He upheaves the flag.; There has been a drop in public esteem for teachers.; The mansion had an atmosphere of genteel elegance and decay.; She delved into her pocket to find some change.; She's back in the old hovel already.; Draw a pair of parallel lines.; She handed me a business card with her name neatly embossed on it.; Between the eighth week of development and birth a human embryo is called a fetus.; The nightclub has a very fashionable clientele.; His theory is deficient in several respects.; What's the difference?; We need to cut down on our expenses.; The best way to learn is by experience.; 我还想最后再喝一杯咖啡，但是只剩下残渣了。; 她用一种滑稽可笑的表情看着他。; 我从来没有把自己的残疾看成是一种障碍，可是其他人不这么想。; 远房亲戚都来参加我哥哥的婚礼，大多数我都不太认识。; 所有的玫瑰丛似乎都得了同一种怪病。; 这段狂想曲能令人联想到那辽阔的草原！; 恶劣的卫生情况意味着疾病会快速传播。; 警方在这次突击搜查中发现了几箱淫秽光碟。; 在这个图书馆找书很方便。; 工程师们正竭尽全力查找问题的根源。; 根据我所收集到的资料分析，他们看来还不打算采取任何行动。; 他因一时妒忌弄坏了他哥哥的新自行车。; 设计这些思维训练旨在打破线性思维习惯，激发革新所需的创造思维。; 月光穿过云层缝隙照射下来。; 农民们结束在田间的劳动。; 能坐下来真让人感到愉快。; 爆炸的热浪灼伤了他们的手和脸。; 他举起那面旗子。; 大众对教师的尊重程度有所下降。; 这座大宅透出上流社会的高贵典雅，也散发着衰败的气息。; 她伸手到口袋里找零钱。; 她已回到原来的破屋里去了。; 画两条平行线。; 她递给我一张名片，上面简洁地凸印着她的名字。; 从发育第八周到出生这段时间，人类的胚胎被称作胎儿。; 这家夜总会有一批很时尚的主顾。; 他的理论有几方面的不足。; 有什么差别？; 我们必须缩减开支。; 最好的学习方式是在实践中学习。
