We must emancipate our thinking in a bold way.; He is in charge of the municipal housing project.; Naturally, there should be mutual concession and there should be reciprocity.; Politicians are very busy.; The room was bedecked with flowers.; Will you two stop bickering!; He did his homework lackadaisically.; A strange figure appeared in the doorway, clad in white.; The devil was painted with horns and cloven hoofs.; It is a secluded house in the forest.; He got on his bicycle and rode off.; He put every obstacle in my way.; By the age of thirty, she had reached the pinnacle of her career.; Would passengers please turn off their mobile phones before the commencement of the flight.; We are committed to withdrawing our troops by the end of the year.; There is no comparison between the two.; We're compiling some facts and figures for a documentary on the subject.; The factory supplies electrical components for cars.; It is very difficult to define the concept of beauty.; The singer confounded her critics with a remarkable follow-up album.; He owns considerable real estate.; She hoped that marriage would consolidate their relationship.; In China, her blonde hair was conspicuous.; I'm not the consultant type.; My computer makes a continuous low buzzing noise.; The lorry contained thousands of pounds worth of contraband.; The book was very controversial.; The conveyance package is the main process of improving the currency quality.; It is a misconception that Peggy was fabulously wealthy.; It's difficult to reconcile such different points of view.; 我们必须大胆解放思想。; 他主管该市建房计划。; 自然，双方都要作些让步，并且要礼尚往来。; 政治人物都很忙。; 房间里装饰着鲜花。; 你们两个不要吵了！; 他无精打采地做他的作业。; 一个奇怪的人出现在门口，身穿白衣服。; 魔鬼常被描绘成头上长角的偶蹄兽。; 这是森林里一所僻静的房子。; 他骑上脚踏车走了。; 他处处从中作梗。; 她在三十岁时事业达到巅峰。; 请各位乘客在飞机起飞前关闭手机。; 我们承诺将于年底前撤军。; 两者无法相比。; 我们正在为一部有关这个主题的纪录片汇集资料。; 这家工厂供应汽车电器零件。; 很难给美这个概念下一个定义。; 这位歌手随后又推出了一张不同凡响的专辑，令评论家们大感意外。; 他拥有相当可观的房地产。; 她希望婚姻能巩固他们的关系。; 在中国，她的金发十分显眼。; 我不是当顾问的料。; 我的电脑不停地发出低沈的嗡嗡声。; 这辆卡车装有价值几千英镑的走私货。; 这本书很有争议。; 运输包装是提高物流业质量的重要环节。; 人们误以为佩姬相当有钱。; 差别如此悬殊的观点是很难达成一致的。
