They later attended the inauguration of the University.; A small boy was mauled by the neighbor's dog.; The audience applauded and cheered raucously.; Smoking is not allowed in this restaurant.; Do you read tawdry novels?; It is a widely held axiom that governments should not negotiate with terrorists.; The government is trying to allay public fears about the spread of the disease.; Certainly there's no gainsaying the technical brilliance of his performance.; Cattle farming is the mainstay of the country's economy.; If you budget to overpay your mortgage, you can save a lot of money.; Should any harm befall me on my journey, you may open this letter.; He was befriended by an old lady.; They did make a belated attempt to reduce the noise.; Her calm face belied the terror she was feeling.; Everyone who has been bereaved has to find his or her own way of coping.; He beveled the edges of the bookcase.; Victorian postcards often featured bevies of bathing beauties.; It was bedlam at the football stadium after the match was suspended.; Debits are shown in the left-hand column.; I find chicken a little bland.; It is a bloodcurdling story.; The child was delighted with the bauble she had won in the grab bag.; Some communicable diseases are transmitted only through the agency of insects.; Books on every conceivable subject lined one wall.; Her behavior was contemptible.; He was held culpable for all that had happened.; She is a detestable coward.; Some of the more disreputable newspapers made false claims about her private life.; This is an amateur ensemble.; He is an excitable child.; 他们后来参加了该大学的落成典礼。; 一个小男孩被邻居的狗咬伤了。; 观众鼓掌并沙哑地欢呼。; 这间餐厅禁止抽烟。; 你阅读通俗小说吗？; 政府不应与恐怖分子谈判，这是一个普遍认可的原则。; 政府正努力消除公众对疾病蔓延的恐惧。; 无可否认，他的演奏技巧非常精湛。; 养牛业是这个国家的经济支柱。; 如果你能做好预算经常性的超额偿付贷款，你能省下很多钱。; 万一我这次旅程有什么不测，你就拆开这封信。; 他得到一位老太太的帮助。; 他们确实为减少噪音而努力，只不过行动稍为迟了。; 她平静的表情掩盖了内心的恐惧。; 每一个痛失亲人或朋友的人都不得不自己想办法应对悲伤。; 他将书架的边缘刨成斜面。; 维多尼亚女王时代的明信片图案经常是一群游泳的美人。; 比赛中止后，足球场上一片混乱。; 借方纪录展示在左边一栏里。; 我觉得鸡肉有点淡。; 这是个令人毛骨悚然的故事。; 这孩子非常喜欢摸彩袋赢得的那个小玩意。; 某些传染病只通过昆虫来传播。; 靠墙一排排地摆放着所有能想得到的各门学科的书。; 她行为卑劣。; 他被认为应该为所发生的一切负责。; 她是个可恶的胆小鬼。; 一些声名狼藉的报纸对她的私生活进行了虚假报导。; 这是一个小型的业余合唱团。; 他是个容易兴奋的孩子。
