The boss assigned his car to his creditor.; We'll go nowhere if all you can do is to criticize.; He caught the public imagination as a crusader against corruption.; They hid something in the crypt.; He's a hypocrite.; The new road will bisect the town.; Most office buildings have dozens of air ducts and vents.; A tunnel entrance was found within the precincts of the prison camp.; It is a railway viaduct.; The company was forced into bankruptcy.; She has a pretty cynical view of men.; It is a common fallacy that women are worse drivers than men.; An elderly cousin had left her a small legacy.; The debutante's photograph was at the head of the society page.; She was taken into hospital last week when her condition suddenly deteriorated.; Swimming develops the muscles.; To pull one's leg is an idiom.; The poem is written in northern dialect.; The diaphragm draws air into the lungs.; The government claims to be doing all it can to eradicate corruption.; The whole experience had disconcerted him.; I'd like to dispel a few rumors that have been spreading recently.; He bought some pills from the dispensary.; There is a vending machine on the platform that dispenses snacks.; In biology classes we used to dissect rats.; The church was recently restored after decades of disuse.; After their rude attitude in the past, we feel distinctly indisposed to help them now.; Her needlework is quite presentable.; I was quite impressed by her dogged determination to succeed.; The police have widened their dragnet in their search for the killer.; 那位老板把自己的小汽车让给了债权人。; 如果你只会一味地指责，我们什么也谈不成。; 他以反腐败的斗士形象引起公众注意。; 他们在教堂地下室藏了一些东西。; 他是个伪君子。; 新马路将把城市分成两部分。; 大多数办公楼都有很多通风管道和通风口。; 监狱周围区域发现了一个地道入口。; 这是座高架铁路桥。; 公司被迫宣布破产。; 她对男人的态度太过偏激。; 女性开车不如男性开得好，这是人们常有的谬见。; 一位堂兄留给她一小笔遗产。; 那位初进社交界少女的照片登在社会版的最上头。; 她是在上周病情突然恶化时被送进医院的。; 游泳能使肌肉发达。; 跟某人开玩笑是惯用语。; 这首诗是用北方方言写成的。; 横膈膜向下运动让空气进入肺部。; 政府声称正尽其所能根治腐败。; 整个经历让他感到焦虑不安。; 我想澄清一些近期流传的谣言。; 他从这间配药室买了一些药片。; 月台上有一个出售零食的自动售货机。; 生物课上我们曾经过解剖老鼠。; 这座遗弃数十年的教堂不久前刚刚修复好。; 鉴于他们过去的粗暴态度，我们现在不愿帮助他们。; 她的针线活挺像样的。; 她想成功的坚定决心让我印象深刻。; 警方已经把搜捕杀手的网张大了。
