With the extra resources, the project now seems feasible.; Her movies had an immeasurable effect on a generation of Americans.; Some of the houses on the hillside are inaccessible to cars.; The ecological consequences of a nuclear war are incalculable.; This book is an indispensable resource for researchers.; Their defeat was inevitable.; The underground is insufferable in this heat.; The situation has become intolerable.; Last year the company seemed invincible.; They believe only in peaceable, non-violent protest.; Such a theory seems very plausible.; As your baby grows bigger, his bones become less pliable.; I insured my property with an established, reputable company.; The pain has become tolerable.; A visit to the Museum is an unforgettable experience.; British weather is perhaps at its most variable in the spring.; I can't breathe.; The idea was quite brilliant.; The United Nations was reluctant to get its forces embroiled in civil war.; That sounds like another of his harebrained schemes!; The animal looks like a hybrid of a zebra and a horse.; They disliked him only because he was invertebrate.; Here is the latest bulletin about the President's health.; It is the usual political humbug.; This is a new calendar.; The medical book seemed more promising.; She has many acquaintances in the business community.; She doesn't understand the emotional problems of adolescents.; They slowly ascended the steep path up the mountain.; I think she coped very well under the circumstances.; 有了额外的资源，这个计划现在看来是可行的。; 她的影片对一代美国人有着无法估量的影响。; 山坡上的一些房屋开车上不去。; 核战争对生态造成的危害是无法估计的。; 这本书是研究人员必不可少的资料。; 他们被击败是不可避免的。; 这么热的天坐地铁让人无法忍受。; 局势已经变得无法容忍。; 该公司去年似乎无往不胜。; 他们只相信和平、非暴力的抗议。; 这一理论貌似十分有理。; 随着宝宝的成长，其骨骼的柔软性会降低。; 我找了一家地位稳固、信誉良好的保险公司投保我的房产。; 疼痛变得可以忍受了。; 参观博物馆是一段令人难忘的经历。; 在英国，春季的天气可能是最变幻莫测的。; 我不能呼吸了。; 这个想法太高明了。; 联合国不愿让其维和部队卷入国家的内战中。; 听起来他似乎又有了一个不切实际的计划！; 这只动物看起来像是斑马和马的混合种。; 他们不喜欢他就是认为他没骨气。; 这是有关总统健康的最新公告。; 这是司空见惯的政治花招。; 这是新的日历。; 看来这本医学书比较有用。; 她在商界有不少熟人。; 她不太了解青少年的情绪问题。; 他们沿着陡峭的山路，缓缓地向上攀登。; 我觉得在那种情况下她处理得很不错。
