The sound of martial music is always inspiring.; She is very maternal towards her employees.; She was a secretary on the local parochial church council.; He's very paternal with the baby.; The exhibition is a pictorial record of the town in the nineteenth century.; The majority of young professionals in the capital have moved there from provincial towns.; These people have very radical views.; He's a producer with three plays in rehearsal.; Coffee and the newspaper are part of my morning ritual.; It is an illogical statement, because if one part is true, then the other must be false.; She's a former ambassador to the United States.; She is like an angel to me.; He considered himself a master of witty banter.; He's a bit of a dilettante as far as wine is concerned.; Thieves broke into the manor at night.; We hadn't eaten since yesterday and the hunger pangs were getting harder to ignore.; He looked wan and tired.; The Archbishop of Canterbury holds the highest position in the Church of England.; Why had Hilton defended him so ardently?; His ardor for her cooled after only a few weeks.; I know you're a competent artisan.; Their jargon is impenetrable to an outsider.; She fought against racism all her life and died a martyr to the cause.; No one showed the least regard for his feelings.; It's a little tart.; The insurers will need to assess the flood damage.; It's an artificial device that stimulates the auditory areas of the brain.; Danger did not daunt the hero.; Let's both try not to default on our commitments.; From beginning to end, the airlift was fraught with risks.; 军乐声总是令人振奋的。; 她对员工十分慈祥。; 她是当地教区教会委员会的秘书。; 他对孩子充满父爱。; 此次展览会采用图片形式重现了该镇十九世纪的历史。; 大多数在首都工作的年轻职业人口都来自外省城镇。; 这些人观点很偏激。; 他是个制片人，他的三部剧现在都在排演中。; 喝咖啡和读报纸是我早晨必做的事情之一。; 这个说法不合逻辑，因为如果一部分是对的，那么另一部分肯定是错的。; 她是前任驻美国大使。; 她对我来说就像个天使一样。; 他认为自己是风趣幽默的玩笑大王。; 就对酒的研究而言，他只是个半吊子而已。; 小偷晚上闯进了庄园。; 我们从昨天起一直没有吃东西，饥饿引起的阵阵胃痛越来越难以忍受了。; 他脸色苍白，面带倦容。; 英国国教中，坎特伯里大主教地位最高。; 为什么希尔顿如此热烈地为他辩护呢？; 他对她狂热的爱慕之情才几个星期就冷却了。; 我知道你是个有本领的手艺人。; 他们的术语外人听不懂。; 她毕生都在反抗种族主义，直到最后为这一事业英勇献身。; 没有人关心他的感受。; 这东西有点酸。; 保险公司需要对洪水造成的损失进行评估。; 这个人工装置是用来刺激大脑听觉区域的。; 危险并没有吓倒这位英雄。; 让我们双方一起努力，不违反自己的承诺。; 那次空运自始至终都危机四伏。
