He's an integral part of the team and we can't do without him.; He is an intellectual.; I talked to him on the internal telephone.; She has that intangible quality which you might call charisma.; The new job will provide you with invaluable experience.; The committee's decision is irrevocable.; They were aware of the injustices of the system.; He firmly believes that she is innocent of the crime.; Let me give you some instances.; My job is to instruct her in English.; He is a man more noted for his intellect than his charm.; He neglects that poor dog.; His hesitation indicates unwillingness.; He found it very hard teaching a class full of indifferent teenagers.; He became very indignant when it was suggested he had made a mistake.; She was instrumental in bringing about the prison reform act.; He made a sudden movement.; Young babies obtain all the nourishment they need from their mother's milk.; She arrived to carry out a health and safety inspection of the building.; I cannot write without inspiration.; Do you have to pay extra for installation?; She had an instinctive taste for music.; The lecture was instructive and interesting.; The legislation must be applied irrespective of someone's ethnic origins.; Don't intrude in a family dispute.; He kept his life's savings under his mattress.; The recipe is given in both metric and imperial measures.; No one doubted that the president was a man of the highest integrity.; Women used to have little liberty.; Many people are opting to live in the city rather than in rural localities.; 他是球队不可或缺的一员，没有他我们可不行。; 他是位知识份子。; 我在内线上与他交谈。; 她具有一种难以捉摸的特质，你或许会称之为个人魅力。; 这份新工作将使你获得宝贵的经验。; 委员会的决定是不可撤回的。; 他们知道这种体制的不公正之处。; 他坚信她是清白的。; 让我给你举几个例子。; 我的工作是教她英语。; 相比其魅力，他的才智更为人瞩目。; 他对那只可怜的狗漠不关心。; 他的犹疑表示不愿意。; 他发觉教一班无动于衷的十几岁的孩子真是头痛。; 当有人提出他犯了错误时，他非常生气。; 监狱改革条例得以出台多亏她大力促成。; 他突然动了一下。; 婴儿所需营养均来自母乳。; 她来对大楼进行安全卫生检查。; 没有灵感我写不出东西。; 你需要额外付安装费吗？; 她性喜音乐。; 那次讲演既有益又有趣。; 这项法律不分族裔，适用于所有人。; 不要介入家庭争端。; 他将他一辈子的积蓄藏在床垫下。; 食谱中材料的份量均以公制和英制两种计量方法标出。; 没有人怀疑总裁是个光明磊落的人。; 过去妇女没有多少自由。; 许多人选择住在城市里而不是农村地区。
