This English textbook is well illustrated.; Jane imitates the cuckoo.; American presidents are always inaugurated in January.; Some of the houses on the hillside are inaccessible to cars.; Maintaining quality is incompatible with increasing output.; It seems incredible that no one foresaw the crisis.; It will be very inconvenient for me to have no car.; It's difficult to reconcile such different points of view.; Aerial reconnaissance of the enemy position showed they were ready to attack.; If you have an idle moment, call me.; Her imagination was kindled by the exciting stories her grandmother told her.; Can you guess the answer to this riddle?; The priest said he was endangering his immortal soul.; I was rather quiet as I didn't feel I had much wisdom to impart on the subject.; Are you imply that I am fat?; I was so incensed by what he was saying I had to walk out.; No one seemed inclined to help.; No one seemed inclined to help.; This work is extremely inadequate.; Shall I inquire about the price of tickets?; How much liquid is there in the bottle?; There was a great inconsistency between what he said and what he did.; She gave me one of those irresistible smiles and I just had to agree.; If the pain persists, consult a doctor.; A cathedral is an impressive building.; My rent is seven hundred dollars a month inclusive of bills.; The students need intensive courses.; There are strict limits on immigration.; Did you gather the implications of her remark?; My own inclination would be to look for another job.; 这本英文教科书有精美的插图。; 珍模仿布谷鸟的叫声。; 美国总统总是在一月正式就职。; 山坡上的一些房屋开车上不去。; 保持品质和增加产量是互相对立的。; 令人难以置信的是没有人预见到危机会发生。; 没有车对我来说会很不方便。; 差别如此悬殊的观点是很难达成一致的。; 对敌人阵地进行的空中侦察显示，敌军已经做好了进攻的准备。; 如果你有空，给我打电话。; 她祖母给她讲述的精彩故事激发了她的想像力。; 你能猜出这个谜吗？; 神父说他正在危及自己不朽的灵魂。; 我没怎么说话，因为我觉得自己在这个问题上谈不出什么高见。; 你是在暗示我长得胖吗？; 我被他说的话激怒了，愤然离席。; 似乎没有人愿意帮忙。; 似乎没有人愿意帮忙。; 这工作做得非常糟糕。; 我可以问一下票价吗？; 这瓶子里有多少液体？; 他的言行极不一致。; 她对我的那微笑真是令人无法抗拒，我只好同意了。; 如果疼痛持续就去看医生。; 大教堂是能给人留下深刻印象的建筑物。; 我的租金是每月七百美元全包。; 这些学生需要密集的课程。; 移居有着严格的限制。; 你猜到她那番话的含意了吗？; 我个人倾向另外找一份工作。
