You look terrific!; The present government is even less tolerant of dissent.; The business has an annual turnover of one million dollars.; Educational standards are degenerating year by year because of a lack of funds.; These plants need a sunny spot with good drainage.; He attended several of the fringe meetings at the conference.; The snake glided smoothly towards its prey.; The fuel spontaneously ignites because of the high temperature and pressure.; She knew that by failing her finals she could jeopardize her whole future.; He had implicit faith in the noble intentions of the Emperor.; My uncle bought the house on an impulse.; Jackson limped off the pitch with a serious ankle injury.; High winds have hindered firefighters in their efforts to put out the blaze.; This aircraft incorporates several new safety features.; The play has incurred the wrath of both audiences and critics.; I think we should give him a fair hearing.; Tom's sister came over with all her offspring.; Preparations for the festival are now proceeding smoothly.; As you get older your bones become increasingly brittle.; Janet edited books for a variety of publishers.; He's making a model car from a kit.; A number of fans had been ejected from the bar for causing trouble.; This is a very subjective judgment of her abilities; My career seemed to be on a downward trajectory.; She's forever knitting.; He turned the knob and the door burst open.; Careful, or you'll knacker the gears!; He wished he was more muscular.; He put a rectangular box on the table.; There was a spectacular sunset last night.; 你看起来棒极了！; 当权政府甚至更不能容忍异议。; 这家公司的年营业额达一百万美元。; 由于缺乏资金，教育水准连年下降。; 这些植物需要种植在阳光充足的地方，土壤排水能力要强。; 在大会期间他参加了几场周边会议。; 那条蛇轻快地向猎物游去。; 燃料因高温和高压而自燃。; 她知道考试不及格会影响自己整个未来的前途。; 他对皇帝陛下高尚的动机深信不疑。; 我叔叔一时冲动买下了那房子。; 杰克逊就因脚踝严重受伤而跛着脚下场。; 强风妨碍了消防队员扑灭大火。; 这种飞机具有几个新的安全功能。; 这部剧引起了观众和评论家的愤怒。; 我想我们应该给他一个申诉的机会。; 汤姆的姐姐带着她的一大群子女过来串门子。; 艺术节的准备活动正在顺利进行中。; 随着年龄增长，人的骨头变得越来越脆。; 珍妮特为许多出版社编辑过图书。; 他在用整套工具组装汽车模型。; 一些足球迷因为闹事被赶出酒吧。; 这是对她能力的一个非常主观的评价。; 我的事业似乎在走下坡。; 她总是在织东西。; 他转动球形把手，门就开了。; 小心点，不然你会弄坏汽车排档！; 他希望自己更强壮些。; 他把一个长方形的箱子放在桌子上。; 昨天的日落非常壮观。
