The hounds had lost the scent of the fox near the river.; The university is seeking a successor to its vice chancellor, who retires this spring.; Her income suffices for her needs.; He won't be able to draw his pension until he's sixty.; Only two senators voted against the bill.; I'm vehemently against any form of censorship.; Don't litter up the floor with scraps of paper.; The movie was about a huge monster.; I'm sorry, I couldn't help overhearing.; I am determined to take whatever action is necessary to rectify the situation.; Nobody really knows what the marks on the ancient stones signify.; The idea of parachuting out of a plane terrifies me.; Wipe the surface with a clean sponge.; There has been a surge in house prices recently.; A surgeon removed the boy's brain tumor.; The thief grabbed the purse and ran away with it.; The dinner plates were thick with grease.; Her grief at her son's death was terrible.; She was intrigued by his story.; My shoulder's been plaguing me all week.; Dengue is now found in more than one hundred countries.; He drew an analogy between the brain and a vast computer.; She hopes to study ecology at college.; His son specializes in geology.; This is probably the most important interaction design guideline.; Bright colors and bold strokes characterize his early paintings.; She cited three reasons why people get into debt.; My mother is something of an eccentric.; It is common to distinguish between personal and social ethics.; His lecture was too pedantic.; 猎狗在河边就闻不到狐狸的臭迹了。; 这所大学在寻找一位继任者，接替将于今年复活节退休的副校长。; 她的收入足够她用。; 他要等到六十岁以后才能领取养老金。; 只有两名参议员反对这一个法案。; 我强烈反对任何形式的审查制度。; 别往地上乱丢纸屑。; 这部电影是有关于一只巨大的怪物。; 很抱歉，我是碰巧听到的。; 我决心采取一切必要的措施来整顿局面。; 没人真正知道那些古老石头上的记号代表甚么含意。; 一想到从飞机上跳伞，我就害怕。; 用干净海绵擦拭表面。; 最近房价飞涨。; 一位外科医生为这男孩摘除了脑肿瘤。; 这贼猛地一把抓住钱包逃跑了。; 餐盘上有厚厚的一层油。; 丧子之痛使她肝肠寸断。; 她被他的故事迷住了。; 我的肩膀整个星期都很难受。; 目前在超过一百多个国家内发现登革热病例。; 他把大脑比作一台庞大的电脑。; 她希望在大学里读生态学。; 他的儿子攻读地质学。; 这基本上是最重要的交互设计指导准则。; 明亮的色彩和大胆的笔触是他早期绘画作品的特征。; 她举出了人们负债的三个原因。; 我妈妈有点古怪。; 个人道德准则和社会道德准则常常不一致。; 他的讲座学究气太浓。
