Shakespeare wrote mostly in verse.; The scheme is for youngsters between the ages of ten and sixteen.; I started out as an advertising copywriter.; These monuments are a vital part of the cultural heritage of South America.; We had to take the front door off its hinges to get our new sofa into the house.; She was held hostage by the gunmen.; This latest dispute greatly increases the likelihood of a strike.; We must minimize the risk of infection.; The government has mobilized several of the army's top combat units.; His spectacles have gold rims.; She has a lovely slim figure.; The country needs more men of his timber.; The project has been postponed for an indefinite period.; He became very indignant when it was suggested he had made a mistake.; The organization is stifled by bureaucratic inertia.; They are the most promising new band of the year.; The story has an underlying theme.; All of these will dissolve into nothingness.; Nonetheless, most people will still ignore it.; He was found guilty of reckless driving.; It is a dark moonless night.; I bought it specifically to wear at the wedding.; The US is one of Britain's staunchest allies.; They have barely enough to pay the rent this month.; He makes a terrible mess when he's cooking.; Beer from a can often has a metallic taste.; He was drawn to the metropolitan glamour and excitement of Paris.; His impulsive temperament regularly got him into difficulties.; I put all the toys in the basement.; The dresser drawer was partitioned into four compartments.; 莎士比亚主要用韵文来写作。; 该方案适用于年龄介乎十至十六岁之间的少年儿童。; 我一开始是从事广告文案撰写。; 这些纪念碑是南美文化遗产的重要部分。; 我们不得不把前门从铰炼上卸下来，这样我们的新沙发才搬进了屋子里。; 她被持枪歹徒劫持作为人质。; 最近的这场冲突极大地增加了罢工的可能性。; 我们必须将感染的风险降到最低。; 政府已调动了若干陆军精锐作战部队。; 他的眼镜镶着金框。; 她有一副迷人的苗条身材。; 国家需要更多有他这种才干的人。; 这专案被无限延期了。; 当有人提出他犯了错误时，他非常生气。; 官僚主义的惰性扼杀了这个组织。; 他们是今年年度最有前途的新进乐团。; 这故事有一个潜在的主题。; 这一切将不复存在。; 虽然如此，但大部分人仍忽略它。; 他被判鲁莽驾驶罪名成立。; 这是个没有月光的漆黑之夜。; 我买这个是专为在婚礼上戴的。; 美国是英国最忠实的盟友之一。; 他们这个月差一点就付不起房租了。; 他做饭时总是把周围弄得乱七八糟。; 罐装啤酒常有一股金属味道。; 他为巴黎的大都会魅力与激情所吸引。; 他容易冲动，经常因此惹麻烦。; 我把所有玩具都放在地下室了。; 梳妆台的抽屉隔成四小格。
