The policeman regulated traffic at the intersection.; The minister intervened personally to stop the museum from being closed.; I'm afraid your driving license is invalid in Eastern Europe.; Two kids were poking a stick into the drain.; He adopted an elegant pose.; He bought some tokens for the subway.; People on the tour will be escorted by an expert on archaeology.; This is one of the country's foremost arts centers.; The meeting will have the usual format.; We mourn for our fallen soldiers.; There was a note of profound irritation in his voice.; She drew the outline of the boat and then coloured it in.; The money was donated by an anonymous benefactor.; The newspaper published a retraction of the erroneous report.; In China, her blonde hair was conspicuous.; You'll have ample opportunity to ask questions after the talk.; The music complements her voice perfectly.; He became a cripple because of the accident.; For years now, the people have been oppressed by a ruthless dictator.; She suffered from depression.; This enterprise is doing a good business.; They had started with the premise that all men are created equal.; I called her on the pretext of needing more information.; He preceded me as Chairman of the Department.; Our conversation came to an abrupt end when George burst into the room.; John is apt to be impulsive.; Violence erupted in the city on Friday night.; There is a quart of milk left in the pail.; Take time to acquaint yourself with the rules.; The rise in price was consequent on the failure of the crops.; 警察在交叉路口指挥交通。; 部长亲自干预以阻止博物馆的关闭。; 恐怕你的驾驶执照在东欧无效。; 两个孩子正在把一根棍子插到排水管里面去。; 他摆出一副优雅的姿势。; 他买了一些搭乘捷运用的代币。; 游客们将由一位考古学专家陪同前行。; 这是全国最重要的艺术中心之一。; 这次会议将采取常规模式。; 我们哀悼阵亡的士兵。; 他的语气中带有强烈恼怒。; 她画了这只船的草图，然后给它着色。; 这笔钱来自一位不愿透露姓名的捐赠者。; 那家报纸声明撤回那篇错误的报导。; 在中国，她的金发十分显眼。; 演讲结束后你们会有足够的时间提问。; 音乐完美地衬托出她的嗓音。; 他因为那场意外而变成了残废。; 多年来，人们一直身处残暴独裁者的压迫之下。; 她患有忧郁症。; 这家企业生意兴隆。; 他们是从人人生而平等此一前提出发的。; 我藉口需要更多的资讯而打了电话给她。; 他在我之前担任该系主任。; 乔治突然冲进房间里，我们的谈话戛然而止。; 约翰易于冲动。; 暴力事件在周五晚上在城市中爆发了。; 桶里还剩下一夸脱牛奶。; 花点时间熟悉一下规则。; 物价上涨是由收成不好引起的。
