Many suicides occur in prisons.; She supervises the whole department.; The brick houses are roofed in red tiles.; The room is insulated against noise.; The church was destroyed in the bombing but the altar survived intact.; He is a man more noted for his intellect than his charm.; The commander rallied his tired soldiers and they fought off the enemy at last.; Seemingly, she's gone to live with another man.; The Canadian had suffered a grisly death.; We need a replacement for the secretary who left.; Each of these products is aimed at a specific market segment.; I don't think she shares my sentiments.; Recent developments in the area have brought latent ethnic tension out into the open.; If you don't patent your invention, other people may make all the profit out of it.; Do you own the house or are you a tenant?; She was diagnosed with having diabetes.; The dome of the church is under repair.; This latest episode in the fraud scandal has shocked a lot of people.; Before Einstein, space was regarded as a formless void.; Constipation is the most common side effect of any opioid.; They went out into the still, shadowy cloister garden.; The new pill will be used alongside existing medicines.; We were having such a good time that we decided to prolong our stay by another week.; He gave her a sidelong glance.; The insurance business suffered from a vicious cycle of boom and bust.; The company boosted its sales.; A sense of doom hung over the entire country.; We would prefer a more orthodox solution to the problem.; The project is completely in accord with government policy.; Love is a chord in life, not a solo.; 监狱中的自杀事件很多。; 她管理这整个部门。; 这些砖房的屋顶是用红瓦盖的。; 这个房间是隔音的。; 教堂在轰炸中被毁，但神坛却完好无损。; 相比其魅力，他的才智更为人瞩目。; 指挥官重整疲惫不堪的士兵，最后他们终于击退敌人。; 看样子，她去和另外一个男人同居了。; 这位加拿大人死得很惨。; 我们需要一个人代替已离职的秘书。; 这些产品都瞄准一个特定的消费族群。; 我认为她不同意我的观点。; 近来该地区的一些新情况导致民族之间潜在的紧张关系公开化了。; 如果你不为你的发明申请专利权，其他人就会从中图利。; 你是拥有这幢房子还是租住的？; 她被诊断出患有糖尿病。; 教堂的圆顶在修。; 诈骗丑闻最新爆出的事件让很多人瞠目结舌。; 在爱因斯坦之前，太空被认为是无形的虚空之地。; 便秘是类鸦片药品最常见的副作用。; 他们出了房间，走到那个寂静、阴沉的修道院的园子里去。; 这种新药将配合现有药物一起服用。; 我们过得非常愉快，决定再多待一个星期。; 他斜着眼睛瞥了她一眼。; 保险业经历了繁荣和萧条的恶性循环。; 该公司的销售量增加了。; 整个国家都笼罩在厄运降临的气氛之中。; 我们愿意用一种更为正统的方法解决该问题。; 该企划案完全符合政府政策。; 爱情是生命中的和弦，不是独奏。
