The fence is made of panels that overlap.; Clothing doesn't need to be overt to be sensual.; I ate most of it and gave the remainder to the dog.; He testified that he had seen the man leaving the building around the time of the murder.; The new leader hopes to unify the country.; Old folks can calcify.; He would again and again allege that he was wholly unfitted to new duties.; What level of profit do you envisage?; You must acknowledge the truth of her argument.; Turn the knob in a clockwise direction.; The two vans collided at the crossroads.; The land declines sharply away from the house.; I'll have watertight windows fixed.; Should the function of children's television be to entertain or to enlighten?; The strong police presence only heightened the tension among the crowd.; The government is taking interim measures to help those in immediate need.; She got some books out of the library and immersed herself in Jewish history and culture.; He seems to be immune to colds.; Her clothes are always very feminine.; There is an inlet to a parking lot.; In some languages, the word order in questions is inverted.; The government's popularity rating sank to an all-time low.; It takes a while to get your bearings when you start a new job.; We got so wet that our clothes clung to us.; She affirmed her intention to apply for the post.; Despite having a large family, they still had no son and heir.; Hundreds of refugees collapsed from hunger and thirst.; The diameter of a circle is also an axis.; It is a historic day.; He's having a piss.; 这个围栏是由交叠的板条搭成的。; 衣着没有必要过于性感。; 我吃了一大半，剩下的喂狗了。; 他作证说自己看到那人在谋杀案案发前后离开了大楼。; 新领袖希望把国家统一起来。; 老年人可能出现钙化现象。; 他一再指出，他完全不适合担任新的职务。; 你预计会有什么样的利润？; 你必须承认她论点的真实性。; 按顺时针方向转动旋钮。; 两辆货车在十字路口相撞。; 地势从房屋那边开始大幅度向下倾斜。; 我要装上不漏水的窗。; 儿童电视节目的作用应该是娱乐还是启蒙？; 大批员警出现只会使人群更加紧张。; 政府正在采取临时措施帮助那些有立即需要的人。; 她从图书馆借了一些书，然后沉浸于犹太历史和文化之中。; 他好像对感冒具有免疫力。; 她的衣服总是非常女性化。; 那儿有一个停车场的入口。; 在一些语言里，疑问句的词序是颠倒的。; 政府的民众支持率降到了历史最低点。; 刚开始做一份工作时，需要花上一段时间才能适应新环境。; 我们湿透了，衣服紧紧地贴在身上。; 她承认自己有意应征这个职位。; 尽管家庭成员众多，他们仍然没有儿子作为继承人。; 成百上千的难民饥渴得瘫倒在地上。; 一个圆的直径也是一条轴线。; 这是个具有历史意义的日子。; 他正在小便。
