He enjoyed the fellowship of other actors in the company.; The company is marshalling its resources for a long court case.; You have to apply for membership of the sports club.; He had no illusions about his talents as a singer.; The country is sliding into the depths of recession.; The union is protesting about the suspension of a restaurant worker.; If the drought continues, deaths will occur on a massive scale.; He told some really offensive sexist jokes.; The cameras were not an intrusive presence.; After he was attacked, he managed to stagger to the phone and call for help.; I hear someone coming down the staircase.; In the village market, the stalls are piled high with local vegetables.; Streamlining cars increases their fuel efficiency.; It frustrates me that I'm not able to put any of my ideas into practice.; The issue is not quite straightforward as it seems.; The individual's needs are subordinate to those of the group.; She subscribes to several women's magazines.; Public transportation played a subsidiary role.; The first movement of the symphony is beautiful.; I look forward to welcoming you in the symposium.; A fever is a symptom of illness.; Theaters were closed during the Commonwealth.; Thereafter, the military remained the locus of real power.; He became a professional athlete at the age of sixteen.; The boy has an analytic mind.; The Arctic remains the domain of the polar bear.; The new building has little aesthetic value.; The retention of old technology has slowed the company's growth.; The museum's latest acquisition is an ancient sculpture.; People tend to make assumptions about you when you have a disability.; 他和剧团里其他演员的交情不错。; 这家公司正集中资源打一场旷日费时的官司。; 这家运动俱乐部的会员资格必须经过申请才能取得。; 他对自己作为歌手的才华不抱幻想。; 这个国家一步步滑入经济衰退的谷底。; 工会因一名饭店员工被停职而在进行着抗议。; 如果旱情持续，将有大批人死亡。; 他讲了一些极令人不快的性别歧视的笑话。; 那些摄影机的存在并不让人感到被打扰。; 他遇袭后，跌跌撞撞地走到电话旁打电话求救。; 我听到有人下楼梯。; 村子市集的摊位上高高堆着当地产的蔬菜。; 把汽车设计成流线型可以提高汽车的燃油效率。; 我的任何想法都无法付诸实践，这让我很灰心。; 这个问题不像看上去那么简单。; 个人需求必须从属于集体需求。; 她订阅了几本女性杂志。; 公共交通起辅助的作用。; 这部交响乐的第一乐章是很优美的。; 我热切期待在座谈会上和大家见面。; 发烧是生病的症状。; 在英国共和政体时期，剧场都关闭了。; 自此之后，军方一直掌握着实权。; 十六岁时他成了一名职业运动员。; 这男孩有擅于分析的头脑。; 北极仍是北极熊的领地。; 新楼几乎没有什么美学价值。; 死守着旧技术不放减缓了这家公司的发展。; 该博物馆最新购置的藏品为一尊古老的雕塑。; 如果你有残疾，人们往往就会对你妄加臆断。
