They love paintings from the Orient.; We sat out on the porch to cool off.; Sweat passes through the pores and cools the body down.; Death was almost instantaneous.; Her eyes were luminous and sparkling.; He made a rigorous study of the plants in the area.; The interviewer probed deep into her private life.; I've always been prone to headaches.; The prognosis after the operation was for a full recovery.; Visitors to the country have been asked to fill in a detailed questionnaire.; Dan's bottom lip quivered and tears started in his eyes.; I was about to sink into the quicksand of sin.; He is a pianist with a wide repertoire.; Many countries have a republican form of government.; She bitterly resented her father's new wife.; She's not her customary cheerful self today.; The museum has a fine collection of medieval ivories.; The jury found the prisoner guilty.; He is scared of spiders.; Hundreds of nuclear weapons have been scrapped.; After a moment's scrutiny, she pretended to recognize him.; I think bullfighting should be abolished.; I always blush when I speak in public.; I cherish the memories of the time we spent together.; It reflects real anger and apprehension about the future.; An American missionary was released today after more than two months of captivity.; He stated firmly that no concessions will be made to the terrorists.; Several hypotheses for global warming have been suggested.; Johnny was the most persistent and most harmless of her admirers.; There are four major steps in ammonia synthesis.; 他们喜欢来自东方的绘画。; 我们坐在外面的走廊上乘凉。; 汗水从毛孔中排出以降低体温。; 当时生命垂危。; 她的眼睛闪闪发光。; 他对该地的植物进行了慎密的研究。; 采访者深入打探她的私生活。; 我总是容易头痛。; 手术后的预后结果是完全康复。; 访问该国的游客被要求填写一份详细的调查表。; 丹的下唇颤抖着，眼里涌出了泪光。; 我就要陷入罪孽的流沙中了。; 他是位能演奏很多曲子的钢琴师。; 很多国家采用共和政体。; 她对她父亲新娶的妻子恨之入骨。; 她今天不像往常那样乐呵呵的。; 这家博物馆收藏着一批做工精细的中世纪象牙制品。; 陪审团判定那名犯人有罪。; 他害怕蜘蛛。; 数百件核子武器已被销毁。; 仔细打量了一分钟后，她假装认出了他。; 我认为斗牛应该废止。; 当众讲话时我总是脸红。; 我珍惜我们共同度过的时光。; 它反映出对未来真实的愤怒和恐惧。; 一位美国传教士在被关押两个多月后于今天获释。; 他强硬地宣称不会对恐怖分子作出任何让步。; 已经提出好几种全球变暖的假设。; 约翰是追她的人中最痴心、最没有心机的一个。; 氨的合成主要经过四道程序。
