The two opposing armies faced each other across the battlefield.; His very last paintings are perhaps the most puzzling.; Rationing had put an end to a surfeit of biscuits long ago.; I would speed the vast career of civilising lore.; Her orbital speed must be a few hundred meters per second.; The orchid is a class of plant which I have never tried to grow.; The stock market's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors.; I have been scrupulous about telling them the dangers.; You sanctimonious little hypocrite!; The film is a potted history of the band.; The latest opinion poll puts the Democrats in the lead.; She made a large pot of chicken soup.; This is a vast, exciting and some say quixotic project.; Take time to acquaint yourself with the rules.; I am not personally acquainted with the gentleman in question.; The sensory system may undergo long-term adaptation in alien environments.; This island is maintained as a sanctuary for endangered species.; There was a tributary road near the end of the village.; Maple sugar is made from the sap of maple trees.; Saliva dribbled from the baby's mouth.; They debarred him from the sacrament.; I would like to buy some videocassette tapes.; They stopped work at sunset.; It still upsets him when he thinks about the accident.; He had an aversion to getting up early.; He is in a highly impressionable state.; In spite of the extremity of her seclusion she was sane.; We are unable to subsist without air and water.; They live in a symbiosis with governments that they are financing.; The story had its genesis in a conversation the author had with his mother.; 敌对两军在战场上严阵对峙。; 他去世前的最后一批画作也许是最让人困惑的。; 定量配给很久以前就结束了饼干过剩的状况。; 我要尽快地充实浩瀚的知识宝库。; 其轨道速度一定是在每秒几百米。; 兰花这类植物我从来没种过。; 股票市场的猛跌吓坏了国外投资者。; 我已经本着良心将危险性告知他们。; 你这个道貌岸然的伪君子！; 影片是该乐队历史的浓缩。; 最新的一项民意调查显示民主党领先。; 她熬了一大锅鸡汤。; 这是一个宏大而激动人心的，甚至有人认为是异想天开的专案。; 花点时间熟悉一下规则。; 我本人和所说的这位先生并不相识。; 感知系统对陌生的环境可能经过长时期才能适应。; 那个岛继续作为濒危物种的保护区。; 村的尽头有条岔道。; 枫糖是由枫树的树液制成的。; 唾液从婴儿的嘴里流了出来。; 他们阻止他参加圣礼。; 我想买一些录影带。; 他们日落而息。; 一想起那次事故他仍很恼火。; 他十分讨厌早起。; 他正处于极易受影响的状态。; 尽管完全与世隔绝，她依然心智健全。; 没有空气和水我们就活不下去。; 他们与他们服务的政府互利共存。; 故事以作者与母亲的一段对话开始。
