The relationship between plant and pollinator is a mutualistic one.; The counselor gave us some disinterested advice.; The number of our depositor is growing every day.; The women have lustrous cascades of black hair.; Her room was painted in meretricious technicolour.; Raw spinach is especially nutritious.; Let me have a look at your larynx.; The masonry of the old building began to crumble.; It is obligatory on every citizen to safeguard our great motherland.; Her steadfast belief never left her for one moment.; It was all a publicity stunt.; The houses are built on stilts to protect them from the annual floods.; Use ice to reduce the swelling.; Their company is in a financial swamp.; It is swampy ground.; The pathogen was almost instantly detected by automated systems.; Diplomacy will smooth your pathway to success.; Symptoms include tiredness, paleness, and lethargy.; Smoking triggers off cell proliferation.; It is gravitation that causes the apple to fall.; Sometimes this takes the form of a reinterpretation of events.; Substantive research on the subject needs to be carried out.; The result is a subtractive number.; Parents have the greatest formative effect on their children's behaviour.; Laura's skin has a translucent quality.; The trapper leads a solitary life in the mountains.; People should use snow tires on their vehicles to give them better traction.; The battle had reached a crucial juncture.; He is a member of the upper house of legislature.; Certain truck gasoline tanks can rupture and burn in a collision.; 植物和授粉动物之间的关系是互生关系。; 顾问给了我们一些无私的忠告。; 我行存款人的数量每天都在增长。; 那些女子拥有瀑布般乌黑亮泽的秀发。; 她的房间刷着俗艳的颜色。; 生菠菜营养价值尤其高。; 让我看看你的咽喉。; 旧楼房的砖石结构开始崩落。; 保卫我们伟大的祖国是每一个公民应尽的义务。; 她坚定的信仰从未动摇过。; 这完全是个宣传噱头。; 房子建在支柱上，以免遭受一年一度的洪水侵袭。; 用冰敷消肿。; 他们的公司陷入了财政困境。; 这是湿软的地。; 病原体几乎立刻就被自动系统检测到了。; 为人圆通会让你成功的道路通畅无阻。; 症状包括疲倦、脸色苍白、没有精神。; 吸烟会引起细胞增生。; 是地心吸引力使苹果下落。; 乐观有时需要对事件进行重新解释。; 需要针对这课题开展实质性的研究。; 结果是负数。; 父母对孩子的行为有最深远的影响。; 萝拉的皮肤白皙清透。; 那个设陷阱捕猎的人孤独地生活在山里。; 人们应该给车子装上雪地轮胎以增强轮胎的附着摩擦力。; 战斗已到了关键时刻。; 他是上议院的成员之一。; 某些卡车的油箱在碰撞时可能发生爆裂并起火。
