The river was full but we managed to wade across.; This ware is suitable for decorative purpose but unsuitable for utility.; The boxes are stacked in a warehouse.; The exams are in July, but the actual results don't appear until September.; The party split into petty factions.; He analyzed the various factors.; On receiving the news, she fell into a dead faint.; In the second experiment they obtained a very clear result.; She wore a plain black dress.; Football is a universal game.; It's absolutely vital that you do exactly as I say.; The meat of the walnut can be used in cakes.; His father was appointed postmaster.; She was fifty and still a stunning woman.; The soloist in the violin concert was Ken.; There is a protruding shelf over a fireplace.; His novel is a vivid portrayal of life in a mining community.; The trainload means the quantity that can be carried by a train.; All the hostages, when released from captivity, looked remarkably fit and well.; Predictability is one thing, fear of change is something else.; Without continued learning, graduates will lose their intellectual vitality.; Lay them on their side and ensure the airway is unobstructed.; I want to underscore that we are back to stay.; I do object to their claim, which I find totally unsubstantiated.; The stadium was littered with the detritus of yesterday's concert.; We have a census in this country every ten years.; The chorus were very good.; He's attractive, but vapid.; Vacuum up the cake crumbs, would you?; I do have a vague memory of meeting her many years ago.; 河里涨满了水，但我们设法涉水过去了。; 这种器皿中看不中用。; 这些箱子被堆放在一个仓库里。; 考试是在七月份，但是真正成绩公布要等到九月份。; 该党分成若干小派系。; 他分析了各种因素。; 听到消息，她昏死过去。; 第二次实验他们获得了明确的结果。; 她穿着一件朴素的黑色连身裙。; 足球是一项全球性的运动。; 完完全全按我说的去做，这至关重要。; 做蛋糕时可用胡桃肉。; 他的父亲被任命为邮政局长。; 她已经五十岁了，但依然美艳动人。; 这首小提琴协奏曲的独奏者是肯。; 壁炉上方有个突出的架子。; 他的小说生动地描绘了矿区的生活。; 装载量是指列车所能装载的数量。; 人质被释放时看上去居然都很健康。; 可以预见是一回事，怕改变又是一回事。; 如果不继续学习，毕业生就会失去思想上的活力。; 让他们侧躺着，并确保呼吸道畅通。; 我要强调的是，我们不仅回来，而且会留下来。; 我强烈反对他们的说法，那是毫无根据的。; 体育馆里到处都是昨天举行音乐会后留下的垃圾。; 我们在这个国家每十年进行一次人口普查。; 这支合唱团很有水准。; 他很帅但很蠢。; 请用吸尘器把蛋糕屑清理掉，好吗？; 我确实依稀记得多年前见过她。
