You'll dehydrate very quickly in this heat if you don't drink lots of water.; As a boss, you have to delegate.; We made a deliberate decision to live apart for a while.; It is a digital watch.; What's the most economical way of heating this building?; He writes editorials for the newspaper.; Financial constraints on the company are preventing them from employing new staff.; She consumed most of her time in reading.; I tried to contact him.; In the book, he depicts his father as a tyrant.; They asked us to pay down a deposit.; She became deeply depressed when her husband died.; The light is too dim for me to read.; She dipped her toe into the pool.; I felt dizzy with excitement.; The lecturer temporarily digressed from her subject to deal with a related theory.; He is a British emigrant to Australia.; A metal grid had been placed over the hole to prevent people from falling in.; She faces the dilemma of disobeying her father or losing the man she loves.; She gained a diploma in Business Administration.; She's starred in several TV dramas.; He lost himself in endless digressions.; Please specify the dimensions of the room.; His last argument was a diversion to make us forget the main point.; You can't help but admire her determination to succeed.; All the famous brands are afraid of trademark dilution.; She is of a cheerful disposition.; Dilute the juice with water before you drink it.; The unions are in dispute with management over pay.; The books will be distributed free to local schools.; 天這麼熱，不大量喝水身體很快就會脫水。; 你作為老闆必須要分派工作。; 經過慎重考慮，我們決定分開居住一段時間。; 這是數位手錶。; 給這棟大樓供應暖氣，怎樣做才是最經濟的方法？; 他為這家報紙撰寫重要評論。; 公司財務緊張使得他們不能再聘請新員工。; 她把大部分時間都花在讀書上。; 我試著聯絡他。; 在那本書裡，他把自己的父親描寫成了一個暴君。; 他們要求我們支付一筆訂金。; 丈夫去世後，她變得十分憂鬱。; 光線太暗，我無法看書。; 她把腳趾泡到游泳池裡。; 我激動得有些眩暈。; 講師暫時將她的主題放在一邊，開始講起了另一相關理論。; 他是個移居澳洲的英國人。; 在洞口鋪了一個鐵格柵，以免有人跌入。; 她面臨著要麼違抗父親要麼失去心上人的兩難境地。; 她取得了工商管理的學位證書。; 她演過幾部電視劇。; 他完全脫軌失去自我了。; 請明確說明房間的大小。; 他最後的論點是在聲東擊西，想讓我們忘掉要點。; 她有很大的決心獲得成功，這一點讓人非常欽佩。; 所有知名品牌都害怕商標淡化。; 她性情開朗。; 果汁先用水稀釋一下再喝。; 工會與管理層在工資問題上存在分歧。; 這些書將免費發放給當地學校。
