They conscript both capital and labor.; We cannot agree to consign the goods.; It is the face of a conspirator.; The wicked contemn God.; Make your answers clear and concise.; The concurrence of their disappearances had to be more than coincidental.; You can't attend two concurrent events!; He is the connoisseur who can discriminate between two equally fine wines.; His view on the issue is consonant with mine.; They claimed he had been consorting with drug dealers.; A consul's duty is to help his own nationals.; The doctor says there's no chance of contagion.; I keep getting contradictory advice.; It is a convivial atmosphere.; We are surely not unmindful of our debt to the great classical figures of cosmogony.; Cosmopolitanism became difficult to disentangle from its overtones of anti-Semitism.; I execrate people who deceive and tell lies.; Microscopy is an invaluable technique for studying the structure of cells.; The necromancer hurls a bolt of dark energies against his enemies.; The necropolis was located on a hill outside the city of Rome.; Consecrate your life to the church.; The Health Service should not be judged by financial criteria alone.; The theatre has been left to lie derelict.; The metal is very hard and strong and less ductile than before.; Sometimes we need to introspect about our own motives.; I'm willing to help on any weekday, but my weekends are sacrosanct.; Officials were circumspect about saying what the talks had achieved.; The film makes its points with cogency and force.; They've entered this new confederacy.; Most of successful men have the characteristics of contumacy and doughty.; 他们打算把资金和劳力一起征用。; 我们不同意寄存此货。; 那是一张阴谋家的脸。; 恶人轻侮上帝。; 回答要言简意赅。; 他们同时失踪肯定不仅仅是巧合。; 你不能同时参加两项活动！; 他是一个能够鉴别两种同等好酒的行家。; 他对这个问题的看法和我一致。; 他们称他与毒品贩子相勾结。; 领事的职责是帮助自己的同胞。; 医生说不存在传染的可能。; 我不断得到相互矛盾的建议。; 这是个欢乐的气氛。; 我们绝对不会忘记我们从宇宙进化论经典大师们那里得到的教益。; 世界主义被认为很难摆脱犹太主义的色彩。; 我憎恶那些欺骗和说谎的人。; 显微术对于研究细胞结构是一项宝贵的技术。; 亡灵法师向对手射出一道带着黑暗能量的影束。; 该墓地位于罗马城外的一座小山上。; 把你的生命奉献给教会吧。; 公共医疗卫生服务不应仅仅以财务状况的好坏为标准来评判。; 该剧院一直处于废弃状态。; 这金属非常坚硬、坚固，并比以前少了柔软性。; 有时候我们需要反省自己的动机。; 我乐意在任何一个平常日帮忙，不过周末可是神圣不可侵犯的。; 官员们对谈判所取得的成果持谨慎态度。; 影片强有力地阐明了主旨。; 他们加入了这个新联盟。; 绝大多数成功人士都有共同的特质，脾气倔强，性格刚强。
