The president remains obdurate on immigration.; A foul smell of stale beer permeated the whole building.; Let's postulate that she is a cook.; She reiterated that she had never seen him before.; She resigned when she was relegated to a desk job.; I utterly repudiate those remarks.; Great Britain has a temperate climate.; She launched into an furious tirade about how she had been unfairly treated.; Robert Burns is Scotland's most venerated poet.; The investigation vindicated her complaint about the newspaper.; The priest absolved him of all his sins.; During treatment, sexual activity should be abstinent.; Her approval was the highest accolade he could receive.; I'm usually accosted by beggars and drunks as I walk to the station.; She has long been an adherent of the Communist Party.; And now myriads of bars and hotels are opening up along the coast.; I am Robin Hood, as thy caitiff carcase soon shall know.; She speaks with complaisance.; It is a foresail.; Jack's plans for his steamboat were derided as chimerical nonsense.; Disavowal of pain is valid.; Right now I'm in need of a little filial affection.; A juridical precedent is nothing but authenticated custom.; His will was sapped and his whole attitude was lackadaisical.; Lingual nerve damage will bring about loss of sensation to one half of the tongue.; We should produce the littoral advantage well.; The word also had a penitential meaning.; We must get rid of these pestilential flies.; The government is taking measures to promote piscatorial development.; The sociable behavior of lions is considered atypical of the cat family.; 总统在移民问题上依然固执己见。; 整栋楼都弥漫着变质啤酒的臭味。; 我们假定她是一位厨师。; 她一再重申自己以前从未见过他。; 因被降职做文书，她就辞了职。; 我认为这些话纯属一派胡言。; 英国气候温和。; 她就自己遭受的不公正对待，进行了长时间的愤怒控诉。; 罗伯特．彭斯是苏格兰最受尊崇的诗人。; 调查证明了她对那家报纸的投诉属实。; 神父赦免了他所有的罪过。; 治疗期间，宜节制房事。; 她的嘉许就是他所能得到的最高赞赏。; 去车站的路上，经常有乞丐和酒鬼上前跟我搭讪。; 长期以来她一直是共产党的拥护者。; 目前有数不胜数的酒吧和饭店在海边开张营业。; 我乃罗宾汉是也, 你这卑鄙小人马上就会知道我的厉害。; 她说话彬彬有礼。; 它是个前桅的大帆。; 杰克的汽船设计被笑为荒唐的空谈。; 否认疼痛是有确实根据的。; 此刻我需要的是一份孝心。; 司法惯例只不过是权威的惯例罢了。; 他意志力松懈且无精打采的。; 舌神经损坏将导致舌头的一半失去知觉。; 我们应该把海滨的优势很好地发挥出来。; 这个字也有悔罪的意思。; 我们得把这些可恶的苍蝇消灭掉。; 政府正在采取措施促进渔业发展。; 狮子的群居习性被认为是猫科动物中的特例。
