He felt fettered by his office existence.; The blurb on the back of the book was full of the usual hyperbole.; News of the arrest perturbed her greatly.; As a waiter you want to be pleasant to people without appearing totally servile.; They'll quite happily squander a whole year's savings on two weeks in the sun.; Such euphony is hard to resist.; Eureka!; Feudalism was not abolished in England until now.; Some people suffered severe neural damage as a result of the disease.; Do not expectorate on the sidewalks.; Walter expostulated with the waiter about the size of the bill.; My expostulation had no effect.; The song was composed extempore.; He had been extorting money from the old lady for years.; It was inexpedient for him to be seen to approve of the decision.; Her wrist was limp and flaccid.; The writer's flamboyant lifestyle was well known.; He tried to muffle the alarm clock by putting it under his pillow.; I thought about those days in Spain and grew wistful.; These plants ramify early and get to be very large.; A smile may vivify a face.; They tried to edify the child with music.; The insurance also indemnifies the house against flooding.; I tried to mollify her by giving her flowers.; The thought of the incident still mortified her.; He pacified his crying child with a bottle.; He was vilified by the press as a monster.; He turns on his heel and is about to go in extreme dudgeon.; In China, each couple is required to carry out a eugenic plan strictly.; This is an exigent problem.; 办公室生活让他觉得颇受束缚。; 这本书的封底广告宣传全部都是一些司空见惯的夸张词语。; 逮捕的消息使她心绪不宁。; 作为服务员，你应该对人友善，但不要表现出完全卑躬屈膝的样子。; 他们将会开心地挥霍全年的积蓄，度过两个星期的阳光假期。; 如此的悦耳之声令人难以抵抗。; 找到了！; 英国直到现在还未废除封建制度。; 有些人罹患这种疾病后神经受到严重损伤。; 不要在人行道上吐痰。; 华特认为帐单上的金额不对，向服务生提出异议。; 我提出的劝告毫无作用。; 这首曲子是即兴创作的。; 他向那个老太太勒索钱财长达数年之久。; 让人知道他同意这项决定是不合适的。; 她的手腕绵软无力。; 这位作家的生活方式是出了名的夸张造作。; 他把闹钟塞在枕头底下，想减低声音。; 我想起了那些在西班牙的日子，思念之情油然而生。; 这些植物很早就分枝，因而可以长得非常大。; 笑容使面部表情生动起来。; 他们试图用音乐薰陶这孩子。; 该保险也包括对房子遭受水灾进行赔偿的内容。; 我试图送花来抚慰她。; 一想起这件事情还是让她很尴尬。; 他用奶瓶来哄自己哭闹的孩子。; 他被新闻界丑化成一个变态的怪物。; 他转身要走并大发脾气。; 中国要求每对夫妇都要严格执行优生计划。; 这是个急迫的问题。
