He just sat there making banal remarks all evening.; It is a cervical cancer.; We now have empirical evidence that the moon is covered with dust.; Fame in the world of rock and pop is largely ephemeral.; His words to the press were deliberately equivocal.; She rose to the exalted post of Foreign Secretary.; Their argument was too metaphysical for me to follow.; She made some paltry excuse and left.; We face the perennial problem of not having enough money.; He is a pivotal figure.; As we fall asleep the amplitude of brain waves slowly becomes greater.; Foreign aid is badly needed to ameliorate the effects of the drought.; The amenity of his manners won him many friends.; This thesis explores Woolf's vision of androgyny in art creation.; Doubt and animadvert are inner motive force of innovation of science and culture.; The music of the song has been rearranged for the cantata.; The book guides the reader through the cantos of Dante's Inferno.; His music often evokes the clangor of bells.; It is a cyan paper.; She missed Spain and the languor of a siesta on a hot summer afternoon.; It is the sort of malady which we call monomania; The style is marked by simplicity, clarity, and candor.; A few pedestrians sheltered from the rain in doorways.; He retained a plebeian taste in food and drink.; They are less sanguine about the prospects for peace.; Her refusal to answer was tantamount to an admission of guilt.; Wanton violence is now becoming a regular feature of urban life.; He knows thieves' argot.; The design of spring is the critical factor to the feature of isobar filling valve.; Such a cute marmot, no wander I like it so much.; 他整晚只是坐在那里，说些老套的话。; 这是子宫颈癌。; 现在我们有实践经验证明月球上布满了灰尘。; 在摇滚和流行音乐界，名声大多转瞬即逝。; 他对媒体发言时故意含糊其词。; 她升到了外交部长这个显赫的位置。; 他们的辩论太深奥，我搞不懂。; 她编了个低劣的藉口离开了。; 我们长期面临资金不足的问题。; 他是位关键人物。; 进入睡眠状态时，我们的脑电波振幅慢慢变大。; 急需外援来改善干旱造成的灾情。; 他和悦的态度替他赢得很多朋友。; 本篇论文探究了伍尔夫关于艺术创作的雌雄同体思想。; 怀疑和批判是促进科学与文化不断创新的内推力。; 这首歌已改编成大合唱。; 这本书导引读者阅读但丁的地狱。; 他的音乐总是有铃铛的铿锵声。; 这是张蓝绿色的纸。; 她怀念西班牙以及炎热夏季里午后小睡的慵懒感觉。; 这种病我们叫做偏执狂。; 这种风格的特点是简洁、清楚、直接了当。; 几个行人站在门口躲雨。; 他在饮食方面的品味仍然很粗俗。; 他们对和平的前景不看好。; 她拒绝回答相当于是认罪。; 肆无忌惮的暴行在城市生活中越来越司空见惯。; 他懂盗贼的黑话。; 弹簧设计对于等压灌装阀的性能起着决定性的作用。; 如此可爱的土拨鼠，难怪我会那么喜欢它。
