Students revere the old professors.; The capital here includes corporeal capital and manpower capital.; There are those, of course, who would adopt the epicurean motto.; Venereal disease continues to be a significant public health problem.; Lead and tin are malleable metals.; The Grand Design reached its rhetorical apogee.; My son is a freethinker.; We steered a course to leeward.; He is a muleteer.; Last week, he took his bulldozer to the river levee.; The breeder showed us the dog's pedigree.; To him money is a bagatelle.; They hope to emulate the success of other software companies.; Cadenza is a brilliant sometimes improvised passage usually toward the close of musical composition.; A centurion was in charge of one hundred soldiers.; She has considerable financial acumen.; The diet of the affluent has not changed much over the decades.; Deer and squirrels are among the denizens of the forest.; Her latest book has engendered a lot of controversy.; He seemed not an ordinary mendicant.; She began to summarize the salient points of the proposal.; Man is a sentient being.; The main ingredient is bergamot.; A man who shoes horses is called a farrier.; He was a ready scholar as you are, but more fervid and impatient.; I believe John is not a libertine any more.; Most of Shakespeare's verse is written in iambic pentameter.; Fewer workers are needed to solder circuit boards.; The letters show the acerbic wit for which Parker was both admired and feared.; The government was accused of covert military operations against the regime.; 学生们十分敬畏那些老教授。; 这里的资本包括物质资本和人力资本。; 当然，有这样一些人奉行享乐主义的座右铭。; 性病仍是严重的公共健康问题。; 铅和锡都是具延展性的金属。; 宏伟设计达到口头上的高潮。; 我儿子是位自由思想家。; 我们向下风处航驶。; 他是位赶驴人。; 上周, 他把推土机开到河堤边。; 饲养员给我们看了这只狗的纯种系谱。; 金钱对他来说是小事。; 他们希望能够效仿其他软体公司的成功先例。; 华彩乐章是通常出现在音乐作品临近结尾处由音乐家即兴演出的优美段落。; 一位百夫长管理一百个士兵。; 她在金融方面相当敏锐。; 几十年来富人们的饮食习惯并未发生太大的变化。; 鹿和松鼠是森林地带的常见动物。; 她的新作引起了很大争议。; 他好像不是寻常的乞丐。; 她开始总结提议中的要点。; 人是有感觉的生物。; 主要的原料是佛手柑。; 为马钉蹄铁的人叫做蹄铁匠。; 他是一个聪明的学者，跟你一样, 不过更加热情而缺乏耐心。; 我相信约翰不再是个浪子了。; 莎士比亚的大部分诗歌都是以抑扬格五音步写成的。; 焊接电路板需要的工人更少了。; 信的字里行间流露着派克的辛辣谐趣，这一点让人们对他既欣赏又惧怕。; 该政府被指责秘密组织推翻这一政权的军事行动。
