In a forest, wet wood and needles attenuate the signals.; You may collate the latter with the earlier edition.; Chemotherapy exhausted and debilitated him.; He has defalcated with fifty thousand dollars of the firm's money.; The prisoners were ill and emaciated.; Sometimes, federate villages that shared a similar government, would celebrate together.; I felicitate myself on my narrow escape.; A fusillade of questions greeted the president at this afternoon's press conference.; The cells are irradiated so that they cannot reproduce.; Increased costs militate against further enlargement of the buildings.; We tried to obviate the necessity of beginning again.; They tried to palliate the hardship of their lives.; Do not perambulate the corridors.; In those days people might sacrifice a goat or sheep to propitiate an angry god.; The storm has started to abate.; She abdicated all responsibility for the project.; If love and friendship can't be together, I will abnegate the resultless love.; Snowflakes are loose aggregates of ice crystals.; The drugs did nothing to alleviate her suffering.; Health inspectors castigated the kitchen staff for poor standards of cleanliness.; The celebration of the centenary will culminate with a dinner.; Populations of endangered animals have been decimated.; The main characters are clearly delineated in the first chapter.; This attack will exacerbate the already tense relations between the two communities.; The report exonerated the crew from all responsibility for the collision.; A large community of expatriates has settled there.; We have been inundated with requests for help.; Flying is exciting the first time you do it, but you soon become jaded.; I had to matriculate if I wanted to do a degree.; Mundane matters such as paying bills and shopping for food do not interest her.; 在森林中，潮湿的树木与针叶会使讯号变弱。; 你可将新版与旧版相对照。; 化疗使他感到非常疲惫虚弱。; 他盗用了公司五万美金的公款。; 这些犯人病恹恹的。; 有时候，共同拥有一个政府的联邦村庄会一起庆祝。; 我庆幸自己死里逃生。; 在今天下午的新闻发布会上，总统遭到了子弹连发一般的提问。; 这些细胞被辐射照射后不能再繁殖。; 成本的增加影响了建筑物的进一步扩建。; 我们尝试排除重新开始的麻烦。; 他们试图缓解生活的艰难。; 别在走廊漫步。; 在那个时候，人们可能会祭献一只山羊或绵羊以祈求发怒的神明息怒。; 暴风雨开始减弱了。; 她放弃了有关该策划案的所有职责。; 如果爱与友情不能并存，那我定会放弃无结果的爱。; 雪花是冰晶松散的凝聚体。; 这些药物对减轻她的痛苦没有丝毫作用。; 卫生检查员严厉地批评了厨房工作人员清洁工作做得太差。; 百年庆典活动将在宴会中宣告结束。; 濒临动物的数量已经大幅减少。; 主要人物在第一章里得到了清晰的描述。; 这次袭击将令两个原本已经处于紧张状态的团体关系更加恶化。; 报告证明机组人员对飞机相撞事件不负任何责任。; 已经有一大批侨民在那边定居了。; 求助申请多得让我们应接不暇。; 第一次坐飞机你会很兴奋，但很快你就会厌倦了。; 如果我想攻读学位，必须先被录取入学。; 她对付帐单、购买食物等琐事不感兴趣。
