Moral degeneracy followed intellectual degeneration.; He is utterly free from the least suspicion of effeminacy.; The pope must speak ex cathedra for an encyclical to be infallible.; He is the magistracy.; It is monocracy.; I had to deal with the university's bureaucracy when I was applying for financial aid.; People in some religious orders take a vow of celibacy.; The jury passed a verdict of guilty, with an appeal to the judge for clemency.; Six studies gave results for malignant brain tumors in that latency group.; It is a very accountable obstinacy.; This new drug's potency is not yet known.; The court may order the deponent to attend.; This bag is a desiccant and its major ingredient is caustic lime.; The sidereal year is not used to construct a calendar.; I left the office on account of the discontinuance of the Business.; He survived every attempt to discountenance him.; There is some discrepancy between the two accounts.; After much legal disputation our right to resign was established.; This theory has fallen into disrepute.; She is the only dissentient.; Don't permit yourself in dissipation.; Death and decay is the result of an inherently dissonant biology.; The worker is pushing the distaff.; Dogs must be vaccinated against distemper.; It lines hollow organs capable of considerable distention.; The leader's decline in popularity is causing disquiet among supporters.; His anger dissipated as the situation became clear.; This is also a small mouth opening to coddle the broken hand.; There is likely to be civil war if the region tries to secede from the south.; The painful memories gradually receded in her mind.; 思想腐化之后紧接着就是道德沦丧。; 他丝毫没有阴柔之气。; 教皇必须权威地指出教谕是没有错误的。; 他是位地方法官。; 这是独裁政治。; 我申请助学金时不得不应对大学里的官僚体系。; 有些宗教修会的人发誓不结婚。; 陪审团通过了有罪的判决，同时请求法官从宽处理。; 在六个研究在潜伏期的族群当中发现恶性脑瘤。; 这是一种完全可以理解的固执态度。; 这种新药的效力目前还不清楚。; 法院也许会请宣誓证人参加。; 本干燥剂之主要成份为生石灰。; 恒星年不用于编制年历。; 由于我所服务的公司解散，我只好离职。; 在种种要让他丢脸的打击面前，他挺过来了。; 这两种帐户是有差异的。; 经过大量法庭争论后，我们辞职的权利得到了认可。; 这一理论已经不再站得住脚。; 她是唯一一个不赞成的人。; 不要放任自己。; 死亡与腐烂是内在生物体不和谐的结果。; 工人们正在推卷线杆。; 狗必须接种犬瘟热疫苗。; 它连接的中空器官具有一定的扩张能力。; 领导人声望的下降令支持者深感忧虑。; 随着局势的明朗，他渐渐消了气。; 这也是从小饭来张口衣来伸手的娇惯坏了。; 如果该地区想脱离南方而独立，很可能会爆发内战。; 痛苦的记忆逐渐在她脑海中变得淡漠了。
