The very luxuriance of the country displeased him.; Some TV programs are maleficent to the growth of adolescents.; I thanked them for their munificence.; Mobile phone technology is developing so quickly that many customers are concerned about obsolescence.; The sunset was making great splashes of fiery opalescence across the sky.; The story is perforce true.; It is a theory of rejuvenescence.; She felt a deep sense of shame and repugnance.; A lazy somnolence descended on the crowd.; Reluctantly, he acquiesced in the plans.; Despite being a busy city, Dublin has the ambience of a country town.; He liked the relaxed cadence of his retired life.; The continuance of this drought will ruin the harvest.; He treats her with such deference.; They are evanescent as snowflakes.; As a matter of expedience, we will not be taking on any new staff this year.; Constant indulgence in bad habits brought about his ruin.; I've had enough of your insolence, and I'm having no more.; He is a professor of jurisprudence.; Linguists explore the nuances of language.; This policy goes against common precepts of decency.; Opera is enjoying a long-awaited renaissance.; Gandhi renounced the use of violence.; He is very reticent about his past.; The loch's overflow cascades into the waterfalls of a Japanese water garden.; The company had to retrench because of falling orders.; Her penchant for disappearing for days at a time worries her family.; He gained a reputation as being a staunch defender of civil rights.; The Japanese car industry was the touchstone of international success.; The calcimine is good.; 他讨厌这样肥沃的地方。; 一些电视节目对青少年成长有害。; 我感谢他们的宽宏大量。; 手机技术发展得如此迅速，以至于许多顾客担心淘汰的问题。; 夕阳将大片天空染成色彩变幻的火红色。; 情况属实。; 这是个返老还童的理论。; 她深感羞耻和厌恶。; 一阵沉沉欲睡的睡意降落在人群里面。; 虽然很不情愿，他还是默许了这个计划。; 尽管都柏林是一个繁忙的城市，但颇有乡村城镇的情调。; 他喜欢退休生活的悠闲的节奏。; 旱灾持续下去会把庄稼毁掉。; 他非常尊重她。; 他们就像雪花一样容易消散。; 逼不得已，我们公司今年不会请新员工。; 经常沉溺于恶习导致了他的毁灭。; 我受够了你的傲慢，不能再容忍了。; 他是位法学教授。; 语言学家研究语言的细微差别。; 这项政策违反了公认的行为准则。; 歌剧正在复兴，这是人们期待已久的好事。; 甘地声明放弃使用暴力。; 他不愿谈及他的过去。; 溢出的湖水倾泻而下，形成了一座日式水景花园的瀑布。; 由于订单减少，这间公司不得不紧缩开支。; 她喜欢不时失踪几天，这让她的家人非常担心。; 他坚决捍卫民权，因此赢得了声誉。; 日本的汽车工业一直都是衡量是否在国际上取得成功的业界标杆。; 这个粉刷用涂料很棒。
