The turtle hibernates in a shallow burrow for six months of the year.; He's humiliated her beyond endurance.; Hurricane force winds are expected tonight.; There were no injuries and damage to the building was minimal.; This monumental pillar was built in memory of a great navy victory.; It is a beautiful mural painting.; The ship can carry a cargo of one thousand tons.; This totem pole is carved out of a single tree trunk.; All the furniture in the room had much carving.; It's highly improbable that he will agree.; Maintaining quality is incompatible with increasing output.; These accounts are utterly incomprehensible.; The needle pierces the fabric four times a second.; The tea cups are made of porcelain.; There are several precedents for promoting people who don't have formal qualifications.; He was chopping wood in the yard.; The muddy water has a choppy and irregular surface.; He has a chubby face.; We are looking forward to their visit with eager anticipation.; Martin Luther King was the leader of the civil rights movement.; His birth was coincident with the end of the war.; She stood with her backbone rigid.; He buckled his belt tightly.; A stone hit the window and cracked the glass.; New students may be accommodated in halls of residence.; The two friends were competitors for the class presidency.; If any complications arise, let me know and I'll help.; There has been a concerted campaign against the proposals.; Make your answers clear and concise.; The judge imposed concurrent sentences totaling ten years for the attacks on the girls.; 这种龟每年会在浅地洞里冬眠六个月。; 他把她羞辱得无地自容。; 预计今晚会有飓风级的强风。; 没有人受伤，建筑物的损坏也极小。; 这根纪念柱是为纪念一场海战的大胜而建的。; 这是个漂亮的壁画。; 这船能载一千吨货物。; 这根图腾柱是由一整根树干雕刻而成的。; 房间里所有的家具上都有许多雕刻。; 他很可能不会同意。; 保持品质和增加产量是互相对立的。; 这些帐目根本就看不懂。; 针穿过布料的速度是每秒钟四次。; 茶杯是瓷制的。; 提拔没有正式学历的人是有几个先例的。; 他在院子里劈木头。; 泥水表面波浪滔滔且不规则。; 他有张胖嘟嘟的脸。; 我们殷切地期待着他们来访。; 马丁路德金恩是民权运动的领袖。; 他出生的时候刚好的战争结束的时候。; 她直挺挺地站着。; 他紧紧地扣上了皮带。; 石块击中窗户，打裂了玻璃。; 新生可以住在学校宿舍里。; 那两位朋友在争当班长一事上是竞争对手。; 如果发生什么麻烦事，告诉我一声，我会帮忙的。; 人们一致行动反对这些提议。; 回答要言简意赅。; 法官对其侵害少女的多宗罪行数罪并罚，判处其十年有期徒刑。
