Nontraditional loans often start with low payments for the first year or two.; Gestures are a nonverbal means of expression.; I think marriage is used to uphold patriarchal control.; The city resisted the enemy onslaught for two weeks.; The path was lined with laurels.; He put his hands on the gate and vaulted it easily.; Nomadic tribes wander these deserts.; Pedagogic ability remains vital everywhere.; Painting originated in prehistoric times.; Does he find his new celebrity intruding on his private life?; After about three months, I was no longer addicted to nicotine.; The river had worn a ravine between the hills.; The body's metabolism is slowed down by extreme cold.; He praised her professionalism and dynamism.; Here is the classic contradiction of reformism.; He always takes the role of a mediator in any dispute.; It was made by a meteor that fell from space.; You're the one that said that all men are predators.; The legislative body had voted to oust the country's onetime rulers.; Sweden needs to cast aside outdated policies and thinking.; The political system has become thoroughly outmoded.; My uncle is a nonprofessional archaeologist.; I make no pretensions to expert Knowledge of financial matters.; This is a propulsion system.; We are optimist and realist.; Postdated cheques will not be accepted.; After living abroad for so long, he found it difficult to readjust to life at home.; Thanks to that, they do not look so monochromatic.; The familiar form of the kinetic energy will not do.; No medical worker is allowed to prescribe any narcotic drug for herself.; 非传统贷款通常在前一两年还款额是较低的。; 打手势是一种非言语的表达方式。; 我觉得婚姻是用来维系父权统治的。; 这个城市反抗敌人的猛攻长达两个星期之久。; 小路两旁都种有月桂树。; 他把手放到门上并很轻松地跳过去。; 游牧部落在这些荒漠上游牧。; 无论在哪里，教学能力都是至关重要的。; 绘画始于史前时期。; 他是否感觉到他最近的成名侵扰了他的私生活？; 大约三个月后，我就不再对尼古丁上瘾了。; 那条河在两山之间已造成一个深谷。; 严寒可以使身体新陈代谢的速度下降。; 他赞扬了她的专业精神和活力。; 这就是典型的改良主义的矛盾。; 他总是在争论中充当调停人的角色。; 它是由流星从太空中坠落造成的。; 是你说的所有男人都是捕食者喔。; 立法机构通过投票将该国的前度领导人赶下了台。; 瑞典必须摒弃过时的政策和思维。; 这一政治体制已经完全落伍了。; 我叔叔是个业余考古学家。; 我不自诩有金融方面的专门知识。; 这是推进系统。; 我们是乐观主义者又是现实主义者。; 恕不接受期票。; 在外国生活了那么长时间后，他觉得很难适应国内的生活。; 得益于此，他们看起来不才不至于那么单调。; 通常形式的动能将不适用。; 医务人员不得为自己开处方使用麻醉药品。
