We must not perpetuate the religious divisions of the past.; Small businesses have proliferated in the last ten years.; The author promulgates his political beliefs in his latest book.; I have no brow of such a pedagogical tone.; We face the perennial problem of not having enough money.; The most pivotal reason is environment.; Have you looked at your paycheck lately?; My stickpin is disappeared.; The moment he received the order, the soldier packed his knapsack.; Thinking angry thoughts can provoke strong physiological arousal.; They don't want equality and regimentation.; You cannot legislate to change attitudes.; His Chinese kung fu is peerless.; Each morning cleaners make sure everything is spotless.; The fish was mushy and tasteless.; The advantages far outweigh the disadvantages.; In our work, quality is paramount.; He recounted his adventures since he had left home.; The photosphere has a granular structure.; What is the altitude of the topographical point?; It is a map showing the topography of the island.; Houses have been built on the periphery of the factory site.; The owl is a predatory bird that kills its prey with its claws.; She had the most rubbery face.; It will be okay effect extending in petroleum and petrifaction areas.; My uncle is a projectionist.; The pressure of protectionist will become larger.; Insurance companies are already overburdened with similar claims.; Biological research has often been a precursor to medical breakthroughs.; They managed to surmount all opposition to their plans.; 我们绝对不能让过去的宗教分裂继续下去。; 在过去的十年里，小型企业激增。; 作者在他的新书里宣扬他的政治信仰。; 我不喜欢这种学究的口吻。; 我们长期面临资金不足的问题。; 最关键的原因是环境。; 你最近看了自己的薪水支票了吗？; 我的领带夹不见了。; 士兵一接到命令就马上整理背包。; 想着生气的事情能激起强烈的生理反应。; 他们不要一律平等和严格控制的组织。; 态度是不能用立法来改变的。; 他的中国功夫是无与伦比的。; 每天早晨，清洁工们会把一切都打扫得干干净净。; 这鱼煮得太烂了且没滋没味的。; 利远大于弊。; 我们的工作追求品质至上。; 他讲述了离家以后的很多奇遇。; 光球还有颗粒结构。; 最高点的海拔高度为多少？; 这是这个岛的地形图。; 厂址的周边地区盖起了房子。; 猫头鹰是一种掠食性鸟类，它用爪子杀死猎物。; 她表情极为丰富。; 在石油石化领域推广可收到较好的效果。; 我叔叔是位电影放映师。; 贸易保护主义者的压力会变得更大。; 保险公司已经被类似的索赔弄得不堪重负。; 生物学研究往往是医学突破的先驱。; 他们设法摆平了对他们计划的所有反对意见。
