Both musically and lyrically it is very effective.; The doors can be manually operated in the event of fire.; The two designers settled upon a minimalist approach.; This area was very marshy before the drainage system was installed.; I thought of myself as a patriarch, dispensing words of wisdom to all my children.; The king was suffering from cardiac weakness.; It was the embodiment of princely magnificence.; We should avoid making multifaceted and complicated blogs.; The report states that vandalism is a pestilence that must be stamped out.; The production process is now highly mechanized.; For decades it's been home to ranchers.; If ranching were made more intensive, crops could expand into empty pasture.; It was a real shock, the first time I heard my mother swear.; A thin thread of light made its way through the curtains.; Protective measures are necessary if the city's monuments are to be preserved.; The policeman regulated traffic at the intersection.; Greater government intervention in businesses would represent a step backwards.; At this moment the three intrepid travellers appeared.; This mammoth undertaking was completed in ten months.; He wiped the knife and put it back in the sheath.; Sloths live in Central and South America.; Malleability is a physical property.; She has limited mobility in her arms.; Nonconformity products should be traced.; Use a sun cream to filter out ultraviolet rays.; The drug put Simpson in a lull for thirty minutes.; Mash the bananas to a pulp and then mix in the yogurt.; My way of thinking might be different from yours, but it's equally valid.; He led a varied life.; Lava is extruded from the volcano.; 这首歌的音乐和歌词都给人留下非常深刻的印象。; 发生火灾时，这些门可以手动控制。; 两位设计师决定采用极简派风格。; 安装排水系统前，这个地区满布泥泞。; 我把自己当作在向子女传授至理名言的一家之长。; 国王患有心脏病。; 这体现了和亲王相称的富丽堂皇。; 我们应该避免作出多层面与复杂的部落格。; 该报告说明，恶意破坏行为是一种毒瘤，必须铲除。; 现在的生产过程高度机械化。; 数十年来这里是牧场主的家园。; 如果放牧更加密集了，农作物可以扩展到空的牧场上种植。; 我第一次听见母亲骂人时，觉得非常震惊。; 一缕光线透过帘子射进来。; 要保存城市古迹必须采取一些维护性措施。; 警察在交叉路口指挥交通。; 政府加强对企业的干涉将是一种退步。; 这时候，那三位无畏的旅行家出现了。; 这项庞大的任务在十个月内完成了。; 他擦干净刀子，放入鞘内。; 树懒生活在中美洲和南美洲。; 延展性是物质的一个物理特性。; 她的双臂只能做有限的活动。; 不合格的产品需要被追踪。; 用防晒乳来防止紫外线。; 药物使辛普森安静了三十分钟。; 把香蕉捣成泥，然后拌到优格里。; 我的想法也许和你的不同，但同样站得住脚。; 他过着丰富多彩的生活。; 熔岩从火山中喷出。
