The elections have been reduced to a farce.; He wore the garb of a general.; The hot weather made me feel lethargic.; This behaviour is commonly observed among several species of finch.; The mom took the hatchling to a river and urged them to swim.; Her matchless beauty is beyond description.; There is a small evergreen shrub on the hillside.; This plant is a gross feeder.; We need to make sweeping cuts to our budget.; Parallel lines will never meet no matter how far extended.; A huge effort was made to exterminate the rats.; Doctors often extol the virtues of eating less fat.; Once an egg is fertilized by the sperm, it becomes an embryo.; In the West, job interviews are highly formalized and systematic.; I felt sure he was seeking for some gibe.; It is common to distinguish between personal and social ethics.; His voice had a rich melodic quality.; Regular exercise can increase your basal metabolic rate.; Your fanaticism followed the girl is wrong.; She had a lifelong commitment to feminism.; Stories of his heroism resounded through the country.; If the chair is too high you can adjust it to suit you.; As leader, he opened up exciting vistas of global cooperation.; All her life she was an ardent feminist.; Police stopped him for driving erratically.; He is a fanatical hunter.; After weeks of frenetic activity, the job was finally finished.; These goods are subject to exemption from tax.; It doesn't lie within my jurisdiction to set you free.; The juxtaposition of these two remarks was startling.; 竞选演变为一场闹剧。; 他身着将军的制服。; 炎热的天气使我昏昏欲睡。; 这种行为常常可以在几种雀科鸣鸟中看到。; 妈妈带着刚孵化的幼儿到河边，敦促他们下水。; 她那举世无双的美貌无法形容。; 山腰上有一小块常青灌木丛。; 这植物需要大量肥料。; 我们必须大幅削减预算。; 无论延伸多长，平行线永不相交。; 灭鼠花了大力气。; 医生常常宣扬少吃脂肪的好处。; 卵子受精后即成胚胎。; 在西方，工作面试是非常正式和系统化的。; 我敢说他正在寻找一句什么嘲讽话。; 个人道德准则和社会道德准则常常不一致。; 他的音色浑厚而优美。; 定期运动能够提高你的基础代谢率。; 你对那个女孩的狂热是错误的。; 她毕生都致力于女权运动。; 他的英雄故事传遍全国。; 如果椅子太高了，你可以把它调到适合你的高度。; 作为领袖，他开启了全球合作的美好前景。; 她一生都是一个充满激情的女权运动者。; 警察因其驾驶不循规则而把他拦下了。; 他是个着了迷的猎手.; 经过几个星期的疯狂忙活，工作终于完成了。; 这些货物可以免税。; 我无权将你释放。; 这两句话连在一起使人听了震惊。
