She was strongly committed to her job, a policewoman by eminence.; This shop sells fluorescent paint.; The illness is triggered by a chemical imbalance in the brain.; Do you have a converter?; A convex lens is used to concentrate rays of light.; His sales pitch was smooth and convincing.; Her skirt was blue with white dots.; I was quite impressed by her dogged determination to succeed.; The marrow donor is her sister.; She embodied good sportsmanship on the playing field.; She handed me a business card with her name neatly embossed on it.; Two microchips are embedded in this cell phone.; I just can't work up any enthusiasm for the whole project.; The nuclear waste is encased in concrete before being sent for storage in disused mines.; This island is maintained as a sanctuary for endangered species.; Those in his employ were careful never to enrage him.; They were forced to forage for clothing and fuel.; He gave me a piece of advice on how to learn genetics.; They talk about it endlessly.; Four years of negotiation ended fruitlessly last December.; Hydrogen is a corlorless and odorless gas.; The hospital was founded on an endowment fund.; I gained a good deal of enlightenment from him.; You make wine by leaving grape juice to ferment until all the sugar has turned to alcohol.; We were having such a good time that we decided to prolong our stay by another week.; The cells elongate as they take in water.; His cousin is a longshoreman.; Just tell the truth and don't embellish the story by any means.; A feverish child refuses to eat and asks only for cold drinks.; Their words foreshadow events to come.; 她非常忠于职守，一位卓越的女警察。; 这家商店出售萤光漆。; 这种疾病是大脑化学物质失衡诱发的。; 你有转换器吗？; 凸透镜用于聚集光线。; 他的推销词流畅又有说服力。; 她的蓝裙上有一些白色小圆点。; 她想成功的坚定决心让我印象深刻。; 骨髓捐赠者是她的妹妹。; 在运动场上，她展现了优秀的体育精神。; 她递给我一张名片，上面简洁地凸印着她的名字。; 这个手机之中嵌有两个微晶片。; 我就是对整个企划案提不起一点热情。; 核废料在送往废弃的矿井存放之前，先用混凝土密封起来。; 那个岛继续作为濒危物种的保护区。; 在他手底下干活的人都非常小心绝不去触怒他。; 他们不得不去搜索衣服和燃料。; 他就如何学好遗传学给我提出了一个建议。; 他们没完没了地谈论着那件事。; 历时四年的谈判在去年十二月无果而终。; 氢气是一种无色无味的气体。; 这所医院是用捐赠基金创办的。; 我从他那里获得许多启发。; 酿葡萄酒是让葡萄汁发酵，直到所有的糖分都转化为酒精。; 我们过得非常愉快，决定再多待一个星期。; 细胞吸水后变长。; 他的表弟是位港口工人。; 只要讲清事实，千万不要加油添醋。; 发烧的孩子不愿吃东西，只会要冷饮。; 他们的话预示了所将要发生的事情。
