The cells are irradiated so that they cannot reproduce.; I put on a little eye makeup.; These particulate creatures are hardly visible to the naked eyes.; Lack of money has proved an almost insurmountable obstacle.; Silver is the most malleable of all metals.; It's important to store perishable food in a cool place.; Bad housing is interconnected with debt and poverty.; She warned me against being overconfident.; They were given the task of reconstructing the city's public transport system.; What was once an informal event has now been institutionalized.; The performance consisted of dance, music and mime.; The work of the charity has been widely publicized throughout the media.; In her habits, she was a living impersonation of order, method, and exactness.; The treaty gave a fresh impetus to trade.; He had implicit faith in the noble intentions of the Emperor.; The company will be retooled after the incorporation.; He lay completely inert on the floor.; He came to England in his infancy.; There is an inviting restaurant with an outdoor terrace.; She had an irritating habit of repeating everything I said to her.; It took years to understand many perplexing diseases.; These documents are largely irrelevant to the present investigation.; Before his eyes was a sea of jubilant people.; They are militant extremists.; You can get a nasty sting from a jellyfish.; The oil lamp needs a new lampshade.; He was always a lavish spender.; He's hypersensitive to any kind of criticism.; There will be a prize for the most innovative design.; He knew instinctively where he would find her.; 这些细胞被射线照射后不能再繁殖。; 我在眼部化了淡妆。; 这些微小的生物肉眼几乎看不见。; 资金不足已成为一个几乎无法逾越的障碍。; 银是延展性最好的金属。; 一定要把易变坏的食物存放在阴凉的地方。; 住房条件差与负债以及贫困相关联。; 她告诫我不要过于自信。; 重建该市的大众运输系统的任务交给了他们。; 曾经是非正式的活动现在已经制度化。; 演出包括舞蹈、音乐和默剧。; 慈善组织的工作获得媒体的广泛宣传。; 她的生活习惯活生生地体现了井井有条，按部就班和精密细致等准则。; 这条约使双方的贸易又推进了一步。; 他对皇帝陛下高尚的动机深信不疑。; 合并之后的公司要进行重组。; 他一动不动地躺在地板上。; 他幼年时期来到英国。; 那里有一间诱人的带露天阳台的饭馆。; 她有个惹人讨厌的习惯，我跟她说的每一件事她都告诉别人。; 许多疑难杂症要耗时数年才能搞明白。; 这些文件与目前的调查几乎毫不相干。; 他眼前是一片欢腾的人海。; 他们是激进的好战份子。; 你可能会被水母狠狠地蜇一下。; 这油灯需配个新的灯罩。; 他花钱总是大手大脚。; 他对任何批评都受不了。; 将设立一项最具创新设计奖。; 他本能地知道在哪儿能找到她。
