Massive investment is needed to automate the production process.; Danger did not daunt the hero.; While she was in Hawaii, she studied the local flora and fauna.; The young men had nothing better to do than brawl in the streets.; The fish were madly pushing their way upstream to spawn.; They sprawl at ease across the sofa, arms draped over the back.; Her calm face belied the terror she was feeling.; She is a benign old lady.; Her will included small bequests to her family, while most of her fortune went to charity.; This was an opportunity that he would embrace.; She had a breakup with her boyfriend last year.; They disliked him only because he was invertebrate.; I heard a buzz and then saw the plane in the distance.; Bob and I have been buddies for years.; I pressed the buzzer and after a while someone came to the door.; All the cabins were private suites.; He has a very calm manner.; There we saw a large bed with a silk canopy over it.; The movie is about cannibalism.; The advancement of good new ideas is hampered by the careerism of scientists.; He was a vociferous opponent of conservatism.; I was breathless after climbing the stairs.; He stuffed the letter carelessly into his pocket.; There was a ceaseless noise of machinery.; These data can be plotted to form a calibration curve.; The two principal combustion products are water vapor and carbon dioxide.; He died from severe dehydration.; The urban growth created many problems.; Many people are in urgent need of food and water.; Love burgeoned between them.; 要实现生产过程的自动化需要大量的投资。; 危险并没有吓倒这位英雄。; 她在夏威夷的时候，研究了当地的动植物群。; 这些年轻人除了在大街上打架殴斗做不出甚么好事。; 鱼群为产卵而疯狂地向上游挤进。; 他们惬意地躺在沙发上，手臂搭在后面。; 她平静的表情掩盖了内心的恐惧。; 她是位慈祥的老太太。; 她在遗嘱中写明将一小部分遗产留给家人，大部分都捐给慈善机构。; 这样的机会他是求之不得的。; 她去年就与她的男友关系中断。; 他们不喜欢他就是认为他没骨气。; 我听见嗡嗡的声音，接着看见了远处的飞机。; 我和鲍勃是多年的好友。; 我按了蜂鸣器，一会儿就有人来开了门。; 所有的客舱都是独立的。; 他举止沉着镇静。; 我们看见那儿有一张大床，上方有一个丝绸顶篷。; 这电影是有关于同类相食。; 新生事物的发展受到野心派科学家的阻挠。; 他高声反对保守主义。; 爬完楼梯后我就上气不接下气了。; 他随随便便地把信往口袋里一塞。; 机器不停地发出噪音。; 这些数据可以绘制成一校准曲线。; 两种主要的燃烧产物是水蒸气和二氧化碳。; 他死于严重脱水。; 城市的成长产生了许多问题。; 很多人极需食物和水。; 他们双双迅速坠入爱河。
