Mr. John claimed the editorial had defamed him.; At night, the pupils dilate to allow in more light.; We should disseminate science and promote the scientific spirit.; He seems to lack basic conversational skills.; The atmosphere was quite convivial.; Her singing voice has a pure, crystalline quality.; There was an interesting article on vegetarianism in the paper yesterday.; He put every obstacle in my way.; The reform has hardly made a scratch upon the cuticle of affairs.; The dehydration process leads to fairly extensive decomposition of the product.; She's always very accommodating.; He is a good commentator.; We tried the furniture in different configurations to see which fit best.; The chemical companies had amalgamated into a vast conglomerate.; Young people often congregate in the main square in the evenings.; The boss assigned his car to his creditor.; Ducts and pipes crisscross.; Good habits are the crosscut to success.; Leave the chicken to defrost.; His team is at the forefront of scientific research into vaccines.; The freighter tied up at a small harbor.; Our previously opposed views are beginning to converge.; The two sides are now working diligently to resolve their differences.; The two countries followed very divergent pricing policies.; His tutor encouraged him to read widely in philosophy.; They set about their work with youthful vigor and enthusiasm.; The curator conducted us round the museum.; She is now at the summit of her career.; The furniture is too cumbersome to move.; In her delirium, she had fallen to the floor several times.; 约翰先生声称那篇社论有损他的名誉。; 到了晚上，瞳孔就会扩大以接收更多光线。; 我们应该普及科学知识且弘扬科学精神。; 他似乎缺乏基本的谈话技巧。; 气氛非常轻松愉快。; 她的嗓音纯净、清澈。; 昨天报纸上登了一篇关于素食主义的有趣文章。; 他处处从中作梗。; 改革几乎还没有触到事物的表皮。; 脱水过程会导致产物相当程度的分解。; 她一向乐于助人。; 他是位好的解说员。; 我们尝试了不同的家具布局，看看哪一种最适合。; 那些化学品公司已经合并成一个庞大的企业集团。; 年轻人傍晚时经常聚集在大广场上。; 那位老板把自己的小汽车让给了债权人。; 管道纵横交错。; 好习惯是成功的捷径。; 让鸡肉自行解冻。; 他的小组处于疫苗科研的最前线。; 货船停泊在一个小港口里。; 我们原来相互对立的观点开始趋于一致。; 双方正进行不懈的努力以解决他们之间的分歧。; 这两个国家奉行了非常不同的价格政策。; 他的家教鼓励他广泛阅读哲学著作。; 他们带着年轻人的活力与热情开始了工作。; 馆长带领我们在博物馆各处参观。; 她现在正处在事业的顶峰。; 家具太笨重，搬起来很不方便。; 她在神智不清的状态下，几次摔倒在地上。
