The moon is a celestial body.; The centennial Olympics will be in Atlanta, Georgia.; Clinical trials of the new drug may take five years.; He tickled gently at its glossy carapace, but the stubborn beetle would not budge.; The answer will come out if you coalesce these three equations.; Her competence as a teacher is unquestionable.; You should not have too much carbohydrate in your diet.; There is a small broken dripstone formation near the entrance.; The video was seven minutes of high camp and melodrama.; These animals migrate annually in search of food.; It's very simple to upgrade the indexing software.; My children have never shown an interest in music, much to my chagrin.; The books are categorized into beginner and advanced.; The two principal combustion products are water vapor and carbon dioxide.; The steel in this class is tough, ductile and easily machined.; She cautiously closed the door.; Sometimes we are not consciously aware of these feelings.; Deciduous trees shed their leaves in autumn.; Without courage, victory is impossible.; While Joe sleeps, a large percentage of his capillaries are inactive.; Next year is the centenary of her death.; After giving his speech, Johnson was hustled out of the hall by bodyguards.; He bustled around the house, getting everything ready.; Babies have gristle in some parts of the skull.; He's a chaotic sort of a person.; Some parts of the world seem to be experiencing climatic changes.; Her hypothesis concerns the role of electromagnetic radiation.; A man staggered from the burning car.; The moss was soft and furry to the touch.; Nocturnal animals such as bats and owls only come out at night.; 月亮是天体中的一员。; 百年奥运盛典将在乔治亚州亚特兰大举行。; 这种新药的临床试验可能需要五年时间。; 他轻轻地搔着甲虫光滑的壳，但这只固执的甲虫就是不动。; 你将这三个方程式连结一下，答案就出来了。; 她的执教能力无可置疑。; 你日常饮食中不该有过多碳水化合物。; 入口附近有一个小的破滴水石。; 那段影片里是七分钟极尽夸张搞笑的闹剧表演。; 这些动物为寻找食物每年都迁徙。; 升级索引软体很简单。; 我的孩子们从没对音乐表现出一点兴趣，真让我失望。; 这些书分为入门级和高级。; 两种主要的燃烧产物是水蒸气和二氧化碳。; 这种钢强韧，延展性好，而且容易加工。; 她小心翼翼地关上门。; 有时候我们没有意识到这些情感。; 落叶树木在秋天落叶。; 没有勇气就无法取得胜利。; 当乔睡觉时，他的毛细血管大部分是不工作的。; 明年是她逝世一百周年纪念。; 演讲结束后，约翰逊被保镖们簇拥着出了大厅。; 他在公寓里忙着把所有东西都准备好。; 婴儿的脑壳有些部分是软骨。; 他是那种做事没有头绪的人。; 世界上一些地区似乎正在经历气候变化。; 她的假定涉及到电磁辐射的作用。; 一个男子跌跌撞撞地从燃烧着的车里逃出来。; 苔藓柔软，摸起来像绒毛。; 夜行动物，如蝙蝠和猫头鹰只在夜里才出来。
