Many companies operate regular job appraisals, often on an annual basis.; This fruit was picked only yesterday, it's as fresh as a daisy.; Nicotine marks stained his chin and fingers.; Most of the important archaeological finds in this part of the world have been discovered accidently.; Indonesia is the largest archipelago in the world.; The armory also expands your ground control.; I knew him when he was an aspiring young law student.; You shouldn't expect immigrants to assimilate into an alien culture immediately.; He carved marble faster than any mason.; My mother made a sketch of my brother.; Most of the east coast remains untouched by tourism.; The children are very attached to their grandparents.; I shall list my objections to the plan in ascending order of importance.; She knitted an astounding purple scarf.; We quickly grew tired in the blazing sunshine.; She could deal with complex situations aptly.; After a disappointing first set, Nadal played assuredly and went on to win the match.; She thought this sentence brilliantly witty.; Teachers are always complaining about their heavy workloads.; Her confinement was approaching.; Perhaps you could coax your father into taking you to the station.; He's got a really annoying laugh.; The unemployed executives include former sales managers, directors and accountants.; Much of the corn and soy is fed to animals.; The author objected to the appropriation of his story by an amateur filmmaker.; The protagonist arrives to the castle.; This material is soundproof.; He laid her on an antiquated lounge.; They all showed extraordinary equestrian skills.; Where is the headquarter of your company?; 许多公司定期对雇员进行工作鉴定，通常是每年一次。; 这水果是昨天才摘的，像雏菊一样新鲜。; 尼古丁渍染黄了他的下巴和手指。; 世界上这个地区的重要考古发现大都是偶然获得的。; 印尼是世界上最大的群岛。; 兵工厂可以扩张你的地面控制力。; 当他还是个有志气的年经法学院学生我就认识他了。; 你不应该指望移民能够马上融入一种外国文化中。; 他雕刻大理石的速度比任何石匠都快。; 我母亲画了一张我弟弟的素描。; 幸运的是，东海岸的大部分地区还没受到旅游业的侵扰。; 孩子们非常依恋他们的祖父母。; 我将会把我反对这个计划的理由按重要性从小到大一一列出。; 她织了一条令人吃惊的紫色围巾。; 在阳光的炙烤下，我们很快就变得疲惫不堪。; 她能够妥善地处置各种复杂情况。; 尽管第一局表现令人失望，纳达尔信心十足，稳扎稳打，最终反败为胜。; 她觉得这句话十分风趣。; 教师总是抱怨他们繁重的工作量。; 她的分娩期临近了。; 也许你能花言巧语说服父亲带你去车站。; 他的笑声真让人烦。; 被解雇的管理人员包括前销售经理、主管和会计。; 大部分的玉米及大豆被用来喂养动物。; 作者反对业余电影制作人盗用他的故事。; 主角来到城堡前。; 这材料是隔音的。; 他把她放在一张破旧的躺椅上。; 他们的骑术都很高超。; 你们公司的总部在哪？
