Her paintings have a very tactile quality.; Through the wall he heard someone playing the accordion.; I'm not accustomed to being treated like this.; She has one great fear to which she will never give utterance.; There has been some unusual variance in temperature this month.; The heart rate is regularly accelerated and then retarded.; He became professor and academician at Munich.; My mother is a semiotician.; My brother is a mortician.; This area is sacred to the Apaches.; The agency was not accredited by the Philippine Consulate to offer contracts to Filipinos abroad.; AIDS is an acronym for Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome.; Four subtracted from ten equals six.; The jury reached a unanimous verdict of guilty.; I found her very affected.; She was looking at her reflection in the mirror.; Malnutrition is one of the common afflictions of the poor.; He was born to an affluent family.; The construction of the tunnel is a large and complex undertaking.; He is a wrestling champion.; The diffusion process seems to be accelerating.; Undoubtedly, some managers will react adversely to this approach.; The two methods can be used alternately.; Statistical anomalies can make it difficult to compare economic data from one year to the next.; The new building has little aesthetic value.; We visited an aquatic city in Italy.; Aromatic herbs are often used in cooking.; The government wants to improve health care accessibility.; This low pH level clearly shows the acidity of the soil here.; She seems to have a natural affinity with water.; 她的画作具有很强的质感。; 隔墙他听到人有在拉手风琴。; 我不习惯别人这样待我。; 她心中最大的担忧恐怕一辈子都不会说出来。; 本月气温有些异常变化。; 心率有规律的加速而后减慢。; 他在慕尼克受聘为教授，并获授院士称号。; 我妈妈是位符号学家。; 我哥哥是殡葬业者。; 对阿帕契人而言，这一个地区是神圣的。; 该代理机构没有得到菲律宾领事馆的批准，无权向国外的菲律宾人提供承包合约。; AIDS 爱滋病是 Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome的首字母缩略词。; 十减四等于六。; 陪审团一致判定有罪。; 我觉得她非常做作。; 她正在看着镜子里面自己的倒影。; 营养不良是困扰穷人的常见问题之一。; 他生在富裕人家。; 该隧道的修建是项复杂的大工程。; 他是位摔角冠军。; 传播过程看来正在加速。; 毫无疑问，有些经理对这种方法持相反态度。; 两种方法可交互使用。; 统计上的不规则会使年与年之间的经济数据难以互相比较。; 新楼几乎没有什么美学价值。; 我们在义大利访问过一个水上城市。; 芳草常用于烹调。; 政府想要让健保更亲民。; 这里土壤的pH值很低，表示土壤呈酸性。; 她好像天生就喜欢水。
