I met few people congenial to me in that city.; Such a policy would not be constitutional.; People still wore their hair short and dressed conventionally.; Historical evidence lends credence to his theory.; I saw a plant growing out of a crevice in the wall.; The last decade saw the emergence of a dynamic economy.; Commonsense now dictates that it would be wise to sell a few shares.; We each have a separate bedroom but share a communal kitchen.; Regular forking of beds and borders relieves the compaction caused by rain.; Steam is condensed in the condenser.; The condor soars above the mountain heights.; The thief was arrested, but his confederate escaped.; He cooked for himself in the cramped kitchen.; They came to the lip of a dead crater.; The craze is sweeping over Japan.; The patient underwent surgery on his heart.; He was a young sailor on his first sea voyage.; He has a congenital heart defect.; There are conflicting reports about the identity of the hostage.; It has been very heartening to see new writing emerging.; I could only feel pity for what they were enduring.; He played the cornet in the school band.; Stress levels and heart disease are strongly correlated.; The shark's dorsal fin is beautiful.; Do you know the legend of the Cowhand and Weaver Maid?; Plows are still pulled by oxen in some countries.; The dog has brownish fur tipped with gray.; There's been a lot of conjecture in the media recently about the marriage.; She majored in Horticulture after she got into college.; I am going to have my portraiture taken.; 我在那个城市没有遇到几个意气相投的。; 这样的政策是不符合宪法的。; 人们还留着短发、穿着传统服饰。; 史学根据使他的理论更为可信。; 我看到墙缝里长出一棵草来。; 最近十年见证了经济增长的姿态。; 现在，常识告诉我们卖掉一些股票是明智的。; 我们各有一间独立的卧室，但共用一个厨房。; 时常翻动一下花圃和草坪四周会让被雨水压紧的土壤松动松动。; 蒸汽在冷凝器中凝结。; 秃鹰翱翔于高山之上。; 小偷被逮住了，但他的同伙却逃之夭夭。; 他在狭窄的小厨房里为自己做饭烧菜。; 他们来到了一个死火山口。; 这种狂热正席卷日本。; 这位病人接受了心脏外科手术。; 他第一次出海航行时还是个年轻的水手。; 他有先天性心脏缺陷。; 有关人质身份的报导相互矛盾。; 看到新著作问世非常鼓舞人心。; 对他们所受的苦难我唯有同情而已。; 他在学校乐队吹奏短号。; 压力程度和心脏病密切相关。; 这只鲨鱼的背鳍真漂亮。; 你知道牛郎和织女的传说吗？; 在一些国家犁头仍由牛拖拉。; 那条狗有着褐色带灰点的毛皮。; 近期报纸上对这桩婚姻大加猜测。; 她考上大学之后主修园艺学。; 我请人给自己画张肖像。
