There's no room for complacency if we want to stay in this competition!; They built the city at the confluence of two rivers.; The ugliness of the resort is counterbalanced by the excellence of the skiing.; She chiselled a figure out of the marble.; He had a sort of instinctive chivalry in him.; I won't encroach on your time any longer.; The town has a fourteenth century citadel overlooking the river.; She greeted them with civility, but not much warmth.; I could elicit no response from him.; The festival is to encompass everything.; I got the job on Sam's recommendation.; We are committed to withdrawing our troops by the end of the year.; The palm of one's hand is slightly concave.; The piano concerto was wonderfully rendered.; Loss of memory is a natural concomitant of old age.; This bond of kin represented the real basis of the confederacy.; It takes time to build up intimacy.; She was surprised at the urgency in his voice.; It is difficult to photograph the actual chromosphere.; Text and graphics are prepared separately and then combined.; In poetry the rose is often a metaphor for love.; The cometary ejection play a crucial role in formation and evolution of the meteoroid stream.; We are faced with two apparently contradictory statements.; My culinary skills are limited to boiling water!; There are five people under her supervision.; The Commissioner has absolutely unrestricted access to all the files.; A congressional report charges that federal safety laws were recklessly violated.; On a blackboard, he drew five concentric circles.; Cold causes contraction of the metal.; The flooring and landscaping will be done by contractors.; 我们要是想在竞争中立足就绝不能自满！; 他们两条河流的汇合处建造了城市。; 优良的滑雪条件弥补了这片渡假胜地景观方面的缺陷。; 她用大理石雕刻出一个人像。; 在他身上有一种天生的骑士风度。; 我不会再占用你的时间了。; 镇上有座十四世纪的城堡俯瞰着河面。; 她客气地跟他们打招呼，可是不大热情。; 我从他那里套不出任何反应。; 这个节庆包罗万象。; 我是透过山姆的推荐得到这份工作的。; 我们承诺将于年底前撤军。; 人的手掌是微凹的.; 这首钢琴协奏曲演奏得很好。; 上年纪后记忆力自然会随之衰退。; 这种血缘亲属关系是联盟的真实基础。; 建立亲密关系是需要时间的。; 他语调中透着急迫，这让她很吃惊。; 要拍摄到真正的色球层是很困难的。; 文字和图分别编排后再进行混排。; 玫瑰在诗中通常作为爱的象征。; 彗星的喷发速度在流星群的演化过程中起着重要作用。; 我们面前这两种说法显然是矛盾的。; 恐怕我的厨艺不怎么样！; 有五个人在她的监督之下。; 特派员可以随意查阅所有文件。; 一份国会报告指责联邦安全法被公然违反。; 他在黑板上画了五个同心圆。; 金属遇冷收缩。; 地板铺设和室外美化将由承包人来做。
