The prospect of so much work filled him with consternation.; The drug causes the blood vessels to constrict.; Many of the women I spoke to left because they felt constricted.; The entire area has suffered the depredations of war.; They used sleep deprivation as a form of torture.; Failure did not deter us from trying it again.; He's discontented with his wage.; They wanted to dismember the company.; Such people bring our profession into disrepute.; Mary is a dieter who have got slim using these methods.; The falcon cannot hear the falconer.; She is a forerunner of the modern women's movement.; The plane would probably disintegrate at that high speed.; Only inside do you appreciate the church's true grandeur.; Children who walk in their sleep usually outgrow the habit.; The path cuts the meadow diagonally.; Everybody spoke enthusiastically at the meeting.; Attorneys are ethically and legally bound to absolute confidentiality.; The flight attendant welcomed us aboard.; There are some goats in the mountain.; The maximum load for this elevator is eight people.; By devious means she tracked down the other woman.; The occurrence of such things is by no means fortuitous.; He was fortuitously killed in a car accident.; The invention of printing helped the diffusion of learning.; They envision an equal society, free of poverty and disease.; Their intrusion into our private lives is unwarrantable.; Exercise stimulates the digestive and excretory systems.; He has a distinctively sinuous way of walking.; The hall looked very festive with its Christmas tree.; 一想到要做这么多事，他心里惊恐不已。; 这种药会使血管收缩。; 和我聊过的很多女性因为觉得受拘束离开了。; 整个区域都遭到了战争破坏。; 他们把不让人睡觉作为一种折磨人的手段。; 失败并没有能阻挡我们再次尝试。; 他不满于自己的工资。; 他们想分割这家公司。; 这种人令我们这一行业蒙羞。; 玛丽是一个用这些方法变得苗条的节食者。; 猎鹰再也听不见主人的呼唤。; 她是现代妇女运动的先驱。; 飞机以那么高速飞行也许会四分五裂。; 只有深入其中，你才能真正欣赏教堂的富丽堂皇。; 梦游的孩子通常在长大后这个习惯自然消失。; 那条路斜穿过草地.; 大家在会议上发言很热烈。; 道德和法律都要求律师们绝对保密。; 空服员迎候我们登机。; 山上有一些山羊。; 这部电梯的最大载客量为八人。; 她通过不正当的手段追查到了另外那个女人。; 出现这种问题绝不是偶然的。; 他偶然地在一场车祸中丧生。; 印刷术的发明有助于知识的传播。; 他们向往一个没有贫穷和疾病的平等社会。; 他们侵扰我们的私生活是毫无道理的。; 锻炼能促进消化和排泄系统的活动。; 他走路扭来扭去，很有特点。; 大厅里摆放着圣诞树，呈现出一片节日的气氛。
