I love the bandanna.; April was a bonanza month for car sales.; He served as an elementary school custodian for twenty years.; In later life she was crippled with arthritis.; I know you're a competent artisan.; The carver turned round hurriedly.; The insurers will need to assess the flood damage.; You'll frighten the baby wearing that mask.; The murder inquiry found that the children had been asphyxiated.; They failed to take the necessary precautions to avoid infection.; She entered the vault with an armed guard.; His audition went well and he's fairly hopeful about getting the part.; Water dripped down the wall.; Reindeer roam the tundra in large herds.; The mountains form a dramatic backdrop to the little village.; After an hour of aerobics your face will be beaded with sweat.; From what I was able to glean, it appears they don't intend to take any action yet.; Truly none was so fit to set about this herculean labour as Peter.; He is the most versatile of actors.; I averted my gaze while he dressed.; In conifer orchards new stumps should be removed.; They were defeated in the first round of the tournament.; The attainment of wealth did not make her happy.; His articles are natural and without embellishment.; Environmental awareness has increased dramatically over the past decade.; Angela danced with great briskness at the ball.; Clarify and conciseness often go hand in hand in commercial correspondence.; The avoidance of injury is critical to a professional athlete.; She took a sip of water to moisten her dry throat.; He leaned forward to kiss her and she recoiled in horror.; 我喜欢这条印花大手帕。; 四月份是汽车销售的旺季。; 他当小学管理员二十年了。; 晚年她因患上关节炎而行动不便。; 我知道你是个有本领的手艺人。; 这位雕刻师急忙转过身来。; 保险公司需要对洪水造成的损失进行评估。; 你戴那个面具会吓坏宝宝。; 谋杀案的调查发现，孩子们是被窒息致死的。; 他们未能采取必要的预防措施来避免感染。; 她同一名武装保安一起进入了金库。; 他试镜时表现出色，很有希望能获得这个角色。; 水顺着墙滴下来。; 大群大群的驯鹿在苔原上徜徉。; 群山如画，映衬着小山村。; 做了一小时有氧运动后，你的脸上会满是汗珠。; 根据我所收集到的资料分析，他们看来还不打算采取任何行动。; 这样困难的事除了彼特以外确实找不到更合适的人来办了。; 他是最为多才多艺的演员。; 他穿衣服的时候，我把目光转向一边。; 在针叶树的种子园，新的伐桩应予除掉。; 他们在锦标赛的第一轮就被打败了。; 获得财富并没有使她幸福。; 他的文章没有华丽的修饰，自然质朴。; 在过去的十年间，环保意识明显增强。; 在舞会上安琪拉非常轻快地跳舞。; 在商务通信中，清楚和简洁通常是一起出现的。; 对于一个职业运动员来说，避免受伤是至关重要的。; 她抿了一口水，润一下发干的喉咙。; 他俯身去吻她，她惊恐地后退避开。
