Crude oil is used as the raw material for making plastics.; She won three Olympic gold medals.; The service is a memorial to those killed in the war.; We paused to marvel at the view.; The revolution overthrew the monarch.; The gift shop in Paris overcharged me ten dollars.; There has been a marginal improvement in the firm's sales.; It's about the origin of the universe.; He registers the birth of his son.; So have we become a self-centred society, preoccupied with materialism?; These automatic cameras have a special focusing mechanism.; There was a note of optimism in his voice as he spoke about the company's future.; Many a mariner lost his life on these rocks.; He likes to show off his masculine physique.; He ordered the massacre of two thousand women and children.; At the mouth of the river is a large area of marsh.; The company is marshalling its resources for a long court case.; The members of the team just didn't mesh.; If the drought continues, deaths will occur on a massive scale.; He told some really offensive sexist jokes.; He's very passive in the relationship.; We found an old sheep skeleton up on the cliffs.; My mother made a sketch of my brother.; The soldiers discovered a pile of human skulls and bones.; She tied on the flag and ran it up the mast.; He had a thick and black moustache.; He can be very obstinate at times.; He's very mature for his age.; I bought some miniature furniture for my niece's doll's house.; These plants need a rich soil that retains moisture.; 原油是製造塑膠的原料。; 她獲得了三塊奧運金牌。; 祈禱儀式是為紀念在戰爭中犧牲的人。; 我們停下來，感歎景色之美。; 這場革命推翻了君主。; 這家巴黎的禮品店向我多收了十美元的費用。; 公司的銷售額略有增長。; 這是關於宇宙的起源。; 他為他兒子作出生登記。; 我們的社會已變成一個以自我為中心、物質主義盛行的社會了嗎？; 這些自動相機有特殊的對焦裝置。; 談到公司的未來，他語氣裡帶著樂觀情緒。; 許多水手在這些礁石上丟了性命。; 他喜歡炫耀他的陽剛之氣。; 他下令屠殺了兩千名婦女和兒童。; 河口處是一大片沼澤地。; 這家公司正集中資源打一場曠日費時的官司。; 團隊成員間根本沒有互相配合。; 如果旱情持續，將有大批人死亡。; 他講了一些極令人不快的性別歧視的笑話。; 他在這段關係中非常被動。; 我們在懸崖上發現了一副老綿羊的骨架。; 我母親畫了一張我弟弟的素描。; 士兵們發現了一堆人的頭蓋骨和白骨。; 她把旗子繫上，順杆升起。; 他留著濃密的黑色八字鬍。; 他有的時候會非常固執。; 以他的年紀來說，他已非常成熟。; 我為姪女的玩具屋買了一些模型傢俱模型。; 這些植物需要一種能保持水分、養分充足的土壤。
