An important meeting necessitates my being in Boston on Friday.; The increase in our profits has been negated by the rising costs of running the business.; He's been nominated by the Green Party as their candidate in the next election.; Mutual understanding is essential to friendship.; I put him down as a retired naval officer.; She's the nominal head of our college.; Signs of the illness include fever, nausea, and vomiting.; The economic slowdown has caused our sales to plateau.; This sauce uses mushroom as its seasoning.; The difference between the two products is negligible.; Everything is negotiable at this stage.; Getting both sides to agree was a notable achievement.; The minister intervened personally to stop the museum from being closed.; We have been inundated with requests for help.; The foreign invaders were finally defeated by allied forces.; A mysterious light came from the deserted house.; I was too nervous to speak.; The company is notorious for paying its bills late.; They showed the goal in slow motion.; He just lacks motivation.; Mechanics discovered problems with the plane's navigation system.; A negation is profound talking.; Peace negotiations are still going on.; There have been two nominations for the new job.; We received a negative answer.; A judge must give an objective opinion.; The agreement will not become operative until all members have signed.; The peace conference would have to be held in a neutral country.; This is the stabilization of the neutron.; Nitrogen is the most commonly used gas.; 我星期五必須到波士頓參加一個重要的會議。; 我們的盈利增長被日益增加的經營成本所抵銷。; 他被綠黨提名為下屆選舉的候選人。; 相互理解對友誼至關重要。; 我看他是個退役的海軍軍官。; 她名義上是我們學院的校長。; 這種病的癥狀包括發燒、噁心和嘔吐。; 經濟發展減緩，導致我們的產品銷量停滯不前。; 這醬汁用磨菇調味。; 兩種產品之間的差異微乎其微。; 這個階段任何事情都可以協商的。; 使雙方達成共識是一項顯著的成就。; 部長親自干預以阻止博物館的關閉。; 求助申請多得讓我們應接不暇。; 外國侵略者最終被聯軍擊敗了。; 廢棄的房屋裡亮起了神祕的燈光。; 我緊張得說不出話來。; 該公司出了名地喜歡拖欠帳單。; 他們用慢鏡頭重播了這個進球。; 他只是不夠積極。; 技工發現了飛機導航系統所出的問題。; 否定的說法很深奧。; 和平談判仍在進行。; 這項新工作有兩位提名人選。; 我們遭到拒絕。; 評判員必須發表公正的意見。; 所有的成員都簽字後，協議才會生效。; 和平會議必須在一個中立國舉行。; 這就是中子的穩定性。; 氮氣是最常用的氣體。
