Which firm will be catering at the wedding reception?; The girl lost her way in the cavern.; It is a crime to counterfeit money.; What genre does the book fall into?; These monuments are a vital part of the cultural heritage of South America.; We had to take the front door off its hinges to get our new sofa into the house.; The teacher drew a diagram showing how the blood flows through the heart.; The jeweler skilfully engraved the initials on the ring.; The thief grabbed the purse and ran away with it.; I went hiking in the mountains.; There's no point hypothesizing about how the accident happened.; The ship struck an iceberg.; All her children will inherit equally.; This drug inhibits the growth of tumors.; Insert the key into the lock.; Mix in half the butter and keep the remaining half for later.; The workers had to live on their savings.; Raise the seedlings in the greenhouse.; The discovery of oil brought many benefits to the town.; They asked us to pay down a deposit.; Elite troops were airlifted to the trouble zone.; The refugees were exhilarated by the news.; A row of reinforced concrete pillars supports the bridge.; The debate is becoming polarized and there seems to be no middle ground.; All diplomatic attempts at a peaceful solution to the crisis have been fruitless.; You feel so helpless because there's nothing you can do to make the child better.; He was found guilty of reckless driving.; All pupils are expected to attend school assembly.; We have roughly similar tastes.; I bought it solely for that purpose.; 將由哪家公司承辦婚宴？; 女孩在大洞穴中迷了路。; 偽造貨幣是犯罪行為。; 這書是什麼風格的？; 這些紀念碑是南美文化遺產的重要部分。; 我們不得不把前門從鉸鍊上卸下來，這樣我們的新沙發才搬進了屋子裡。; 老師畫了一張示意圖來說明血液如何進出心臟。; 珠寶商很巧妙地把名字的首字母刻在了戒指上。; 這賊猛地一把抓住錢包逃跑了。; 我去爬山健行。; 假設意外是如何發生根本沒有任何意義。; 那艘船撞上了冰山。; 她所有的子女將平分遺產。; 這種藥可以抑制腫瘤的生長。; 將鎖匙插入鎖中。; 將一半奶油摻入，剩下的一半留作以後使用。; 工人們只好靠原有的積蓄生活。; 在溫室裡培植幼苗。; 石油的發現給該鎮帶來很多利益。; 他們要求我們支付一筆訂金。; 精銳部隊被空運到騷亂地區。; 這消息令難民們高興。; 一排鋼筋水泥柱支撐著橋樑。; 辯論變得兩極化了，看起來沒有中間立場。; 所有試圖和平解決這場危機的外交努力都毫無成效。; 你覺得如此無助，是因為你沒有辦法使那個孩子病情好轉。; 他被判魯莽駕駛罪名成立。; 所有學生都要參加學校集會。; 我們的口味大致相同。; 我僅僅是爲那個目的才買的。
