The two cars are exact counterparts in make, model and color.; I want to have this package delivered by motorcycle courier.; He stabs the king with a dagger.; A fish bone had lodged in her throat.; To what do you attribute your longevity?; They decided to merge the two companies into one.; In the summer, the temperature is sometimes forty degrees centigrade.; I'll write to the Congressman of my district about this.; He degraded himself by cheating and telling lies.; The fuel spontaneously ignites because of the high temperature and pressure.; That story inspires me to be a teacher.; The landslide destroyed numerous homes.; She brimmed the cup with tea and offered it to me.; She turned crimson with embarrassment.; The Atlantic Ocean is immense.; The difference between the two results was insignificant.; They inspected the roof for leaks.; She held the bank note up to the light and inspected it carefully.; Seemingly, she's gone to live with another man.; We all love spring.; The story has an underlying theme.; Truthfully speaking, there is no such thing as an elixir in the medical world.; A fir is an evergreen tree with needlelike leaves that grows especially in cold areas.; I don't think the chair is firm enough to stand on.; She differed from early realists as much as cubism from impressionism.; The film shows a certain wit and a refined eclecticism.; Scientists discovered the existence of organisms on this planet.; The alarm emits infrared rays which are used to detect any intruder.; He frequently exhibits at the art gallery.; Where is the emergency exit?; 這兩輛汽車的式樣、型號和顏色完全一樣。; 我想找機車遞送員送這個包裹。; 他用一把匕首刺殺國王。; 一根魚刺卡在她的喉嚨裡。; 你的長壽歸功於哪些因素？; 他們決定將兩家公司合併起來。; 夏天溫度有時達攝氏四十度。; 關於這件事我要給我區的眾議院議員寫信。; 他因欺騙、撒謊而損害了自己的人格。; 燃料因高溫和高壓而自燃。; 這個故事激勵我成為一位老師。; 山崩摧毀無數的家。; 她倒滿一杯茶給我喝。; 她的臉因難爲情而變得通紅。; 大西洋浩瀚無邊。; 兩個結果之間的差別無足輕重。; 他們檢查了屋頂看看是否有漏隙。; 她拿起鈔票，對著光仔細檢查。; 看樣子，她去和另外一個男人同居了。; 我們都愛春天。; 這故事有一個潛在的主題。; 真實地說，醫學上並沒有靈丹妙藥這回事。; 冷杉是一種針葉常綠樹，尤在寒冷地區生長。; 我覺得這椅子不夠穩固，不能站人。; 她與早期那些現實主義作家不同，就象立體主義和印象主義不同一樣。; 這電影內容拿捏得很好。; 科學家在這個星球上發現了有機體的存在。; 警報器能發出紅外線探測入侵者。; 他經常在藝廊展出作品。; 緊急出口在哪？
