The approximate cost will be about five hundred dollars.; Most people associate this brand with good quality.; I wasn't even aware that he was ill.; Did you have a reason for choosing your destination or was it arbitrary?; The arbitrators awarded the sellers three hundred dollars as damage.; The ball rose in a high arc and fell behind the boundary line.; A large number of magazines were arrayed on the stand.; The bay was still.; She felt betrayed by her mother's lack of support.; I disliked him for his arrogance.; They slowly ascended the steep path up the mountain.; The manager gave her assurance that the plan would succeed.; I'm trying to arrange my work so that I can have a couple of days off next week.; He swore he would avenge his brother's death.; The average age of the boys in this class is fifteen.; She is an expert on the archaeology of ancient Egypt.; Her hair was a dingy brown color.; She hopes to study ecology at college.; They'd made all the arrangements for the party.; Both their assessments of production costs were hopelessly inaccurate.; I have a lot of reading assignments to complete before the end of term.; This is an ancient arena.; He is the narrator of the documentary.; She said some really nasty things about him.; I found him arrogant and rude.; He was a benevolent old man and wouldn't hurt a fly.; They seem to have no coherent plan for saving the company.; The police arrested her for drinking and driving.; The high suicide rate acted as a catalyst for change in the prison system.; It's the custom to get married in white.; 费用大约为五百美元。; 大多数人把这个品牌和优良品质联系在一起。; 我都不知道他生病了。; 你根据什么选择目的地？还是随意选定的？; 仲裁人裁定赔偿卖方三百英磅。; 球在空中高高地划了一条弧线落在边线外。; 报摊上摆放着很多杂志。; 海湾里风平浪静。; 她觉得母亲背弃了她，因为母亲没有支持她。; 我讨厌他的傲慢。; 他们沿着陡峭的山路，缓缓地向上攀登。; 经理许诺她计划会成功。; 我正设法把工作安排好，以便下周能够休息两天。; 他发誓要报杀兄之仇。; 这个班级中，男生的平均年龄为十五岁。; 她是位古埃及的考古学专家。; 她的头发呈现出一种脏兮兮的棕黑色。; 她希望在大学里读生态学。; 他们为聚会作好了一切准备。; 他们两者对生产成本所作的估算都非常不准确。; 期末前我有大量阅读功课要完成。; 这是个古代竞技场。; 他是这部记录片的旁白。; 她说了一些恶意中伤他的话。; 我觉得他这个人狂妄自大、粗鲁无礼。; 他是个仁慈的老人，连一只苍蝇都不愿伤害。; 他们似乎没有一个协调一致的挽救公司的计划。; 她因酒后驾车被警方拘捕。; 高自杀率促成了监狱制度的改革。; 结婚穿白纱是一种习俗。
