The figures they have used are just not accurate.; The alarm is activated by the lightest pressure.; The school is affiliated with a national association of driving schools.; Truth and beauty are abstract concepts.; What an absurd thing to say!; There is a tablet in memory of those who died.; It is hard to be an accountant.; We've accumulated so much rubbish over the years.; We can predict changes with a surprising degree of accuracy.; The problem with some of these drugs is that they are so very accessible.; A certain amount of caution is advisable at this point.; What's the best affordable restaurant in Paris?; She finally achieved her ambition to visit South America.; We could just see the train approaching in the distance.; Passing through the arch, you enter an open courtyard.; Would you like me to accompany you to your room?; Some films combine education with recreation.; The commander in chief reviewed his troops.; Interest will accrue on the account at a rate of seven percent.; She walked across the road.; Many aristocrats were killed in the French Revolution.; My brother studies in accounting.; He had a nice smile and an appealing personality.; It takes a while to get your bearings when you start a new job.; She deposited the check in her account.; He paid regular amounts of money to a charity.; She announced the winner of the competition to an excited audience.; You can't just make wild accusations like that!; The museum's latest acquisition is an ancient sculpture.; Evolution occurs as a result of adaptation to new environments.; 他们引用的数字太不准确。; 最轻微的压力也会触动警报器。; 这所学校隶属于一个全国驾驶学校协会。; 真和美都是抽象的概念。; 这话多荒唐啊！; 那儿有一块匾纪念死去的人。; 当会计师是不容易的。; 多年来我们已经堆积了这么多的垃圾。; 我们可以出奇准确地预测变化。; 此类毒品的问题在于当中一些很容易获取。; 此刻保持适度谨慎是明智的。; 巴黎最好的大众餐厅是哪间？; 她终于实现了去南美洲旅游的梦想。; 我们刚好能看到火车从远处驶来。; 穿过拱门，你就到了天井中。; 我送你到房间去，好吗？; 有些电影把教育与娱乐结合起来。; 总司令检阅他的部队。; 帐户上的存款将会以百分之七的利率生息。; 她越过马路。; 法国大革命中很多贵族被处死。; 我哥哥读会计学。; 他的微笑非常迷人，个性也充满魅力。; 刚开始做一份工作时，需要花上一段时间才能适应新环境。; 她把支票存入了帐户。; 他定期向一家慈善机构捐钱。; 她向激动的观众宣布了比赛的获胜者。; 你不能那样胡乱指责人！; 该博物馆最新购置的藏品为一尊古老的雕塑。; 进化是生物适应新环境的结果。
