If the chair is too high you can adjust it to suit you.; The economy has been badly administered by the present government.; She admitted that she had made a mistake.; She had a troubled adolescence.; She doesn't understand the emotional problems of adolescents.; He's just trying to advance his own career.; The stables adjoin the west wing of the house.; Aspirin should not be given to young children.; Another crop failure could result in widespread famine.; Admittedly, I could have tried harder but I still don't think all this criticism is fair.; The US is one of Britain's staunchest allies.; Water samples taken from streams were analyzed for contamination by chemicals.; Have we got adequate food for twenty guests?; Medieval banquets are held in the castle once a month.; The basic aim of this institution is the conquest of disease.; Her silence was taken as an admission of guilt.; The lack of cohesion within the party lost them votes in the election.; The cyclist was in a collision with a bus.; You'll need some strong adhesive to mend that chair.; If I criticize him, he gets aggressive and starts shouting.; The cohesive power of our organization should not be neglected or underestimated.; The last ten years have seen a dramatic fall in the number of adoptions.; She felt no affection for the child.; He's an affectionate little boy.; Your responsibilities will be mainly administrative.; Her answer was affirmative.; I'm afraid I have no alternative but to ask you to leave.; Why didn't you consult me about this?; He insulted all my friends.; The financial markets are in tumult.; 如果椅子太高了，你可以把它调到适合你的高度。; 现任政府一直不擅长经济工作。; 她承认自己犯了一个错误。; 她经历了坎坷的青春。; 她不太了解青少年的情绪问题。; 他只是在努力发展自己的事业。; 马厩紧挨着房子的西厢。; 不应给儿童服用阿司匹灵。; 如果庄稼再次歉收就可能导致大规模饥荒。; 不可否认，我本来可以再努力些。尽管如此，我认为这些批评也并非完全公道。; 美国是英国最忠实的盟友之一。; 对水质样本进行分析，来测定溪流是否已受到化学品的污染。; 我们的食物够招待二十位客人吗？; 每个月在城堡里举行一次中世纪风格的宴会。; 本协会的基本宗旨是征服疾病。; 她的沉默被认为是承认自己有罪。; 党内缺乏凝聚力使他们在选举中失去了选票。; 那个骑脚踏车的人与一辆公车相撞。; 你需要用一些强力黏合剂才能修好那把椅子。; 如果我批评他，他就会寻衅大吵大闹。; 我们组织的凝聚力是不容被忽视或低估的。; 过去十年中收养孩子的人数明显减少了。; 她一点都不疼爱这个孩子。; 他是个很有爱心的小男孩。; 你的职责主要是在行政方面。; 她的回答是肯定的。; 恐怕我别无选择，只有让你离开。; 你怎么没跟我商量这件事？; 他侮辱了我所有朋友。; 金融市场一片混乱。
