I was amazed by how well he looked.; A sparkle in his eyes animated his face whenever he smiled.; We don't anticipate any trouble.; She's a former ambassador to the United States.; Our campus is very big.; The wind made the door slam shut.; I will amend my ways.; He insisted that the book did not need amendment.; She tried to make amends by inviting him out to dinner.; There were portraits of his ancestors on the walls of the room.; The kitchen is equipped with modern appliances.; Most of the work was done by apprentices.; A funeral can amplify the feelings of regret and loss for the relatives.; The meat has been certified fit for human consumption.; We will codify a new technique.; She stared in amazement.; The president made an unexpected announcement this morning.; She had to cancel her dental appointment.; You'll have ample opportunity to ask questions after the talk.; They are a couple.; He became a cripple because of the accident.; Chemical analysis revealed a high content of copper.; Teachers can't give pupils any assistance in exams.; She is a personal assistant.; The horror lies in the violence itself, which needs no amplification.; Thanks to computer animation, it is now possible to make cartoons much more quickly than in the past.; We are looking forward to their visit with eager anticipation.; We wish to remove any ambiguity concerning our demands.; That explains his anxiety over his health.; As a scientist, he has the capability of doing important research.; 看到他气色这么好，我大为惊奇。; 他一笑起来，眼睛就亮晶晶的，一时脸上也增添了生气。; 我们不希望出现任何问题。; 她是前任驻美国大使。; 我们的校园非常大。; 风吹过来门砰地关上了。; 我要改正错误。; 他坚持认为这本书无需修改。; 她试图请他出去吃顿饭，藉此向他赔个不是。; 房间墙壁上挂着他祖先的画像。; 这间厨房里安装了各种现代化设备。; 大部分工作是由学徒做的。; 葬礼可以渲染生者痛失亲人的哀悼之情。; 已证实该肉品适合人食用。; 我们将引进一种新技术。; 她惊奇地盯着看。; 今天上午总统发表了一项出人意表的声明。; 她不得不取消去看牙医的预约。; 演讲结束后你们会有足够的时间提问。; 他们是一对。; 他因为那场意外而变成了残废。; 化学分析结果显示出极高的铜含量。; 考试中老师不能以任何形式帮助学生。; 她是个私人助理。; 暴力行为本身就令人恐惧，对此无需作任何阐释。; 有了电脑动画制作技术，现在制作动画片比过去快多了。; 我们殷切地期待着他们来访。; 对于我们的要求，我们不希望有任何含糊其词的地方。; 那就是他担心自己健康的原因。; 作为一个科学家，他具有从事重要科学研究的能力。
