So far the drug is thought not to have any adverse effects.; He advertises his services on the company notice board.; He advocates the return of capital punishment.; This is the most advanced type of engine available.; Some of us feel that the union is in alliance with management against us.; An ambulance was a long time coming.; Which aspects of the job do you most enjoy?; What a compact office!; Police have issued a photograph of the suspect.; Our company has agencies in major cities of the country.; He married into the French aristocracy.; I had to deal with the university's bureaucracy when I was applying for financial aid.; She affirmed her intention to apply for the post.; He was a familiar figure on the lecture circuit.; A fir is an evergreen tree with needlelike leaves that grows especially in cold areas.; I don't know how he can afford a new car on his salary.; Mom bought a box of assorted chocolates.; He was on his best behavior.; I'm trying to be more adventurous with my cooking.; His reply to my question was somewhat ambiguous.; He was a soldier and an ambitious one.; He saw her as his main adversary within the company.; We always celebrate our wedding anniversary with dinner in an expensive restaurant.; I think the battery is dead.; The desirability of peace needs no affirmation.; The savanna was covered by the aggregation of herds.; He arrived home in a state of agitation.; She had some exciting adventures in Egypt.; The area depends on agriculture for most of its income.; This is the most impressive architecture I've seen on this trip.; 迄今为止，人们一直认为这种药物没有任何副作用。; 他在公司的布告版上张贴广告来宣传其业务。; 他主张恢复死刑。; 这是现有的最先进的引擎。; 我们中一些人感到工会和资方联合起来对付我们。; 救护车姗姗来迟。; 你最喜欢这份工作的哪些方面？; 多么小的办公室！; 警方已经发布疑犯的照片。; 我们公司在国内主要城市都设有代理机构。; 他因婚姻关系跻身为法国贵族。; 我申请助学金时不得不应对大学里的官僚体系。; 她承认自己有意应征这个职位。; 他是巡回讲学中的座上常客。; 冷杉是一种针叶常绿树，尤在寒冷地区生长。; 我不知道他靠薪水怎么能买得起新车。; 妈妈买了一盒什锦巧克力。; 他表现极好。; 我正努力在烹饪方面有所创新。; 他对我的提问回答得有些含糊不清。; 他是个军人而且胸怀大志。; 在他眼中，她是他在公司中的头号对手。; 我们总是去豪华饭店就餐来庆祝我们的结婚纪念日。; 我认为电池没电了。; 追求和平的理念无需赘言。; 这个大草原遍地是牧群。; 他焦虑不安地回到家中。; 她在埃及经历了一些很刺激的奇遇。; 这个地区的大部分收入来自农业。; 这是我此次旅行见到的最令人难忘的建筑。
