I'm taking antibiotics for a throat infection.; Many of the ingredients for antiseptics come from the rainforests.; I've never been very good at arithmetic.; The simplest behavior of a robot is locomotion.; Global warming has no visible manifestation.; They showed the goal in slow motion.; She has a very warm personality.; Golf has gained popularity among the wealthy in my country.; Two million people in the city live in abject poverty.; The novelty of these toys soon wore off and the children became bored with them.; He goes fishing at every opportunity.; You couldn't help but be aware of the peculiarity of the situation.; The president of this company is just a figurehead.; He lost a fortune gambling.; Have you tried changing the fuse?; Why do hummingbirds and gorillas both have backbones?; This valley was lumbered hard during the past decade.; The man is of medium height.; There is abundant evidence that cars have a harmful effect on the environment.; The hospital has set up a special fund.; People die of hunger every day.; The hunters spent hours pursuing their prey.; The airline reimbursed me for the amount they had overcharged me.; Rising consumer sales have the effect of spurring the economy to faster growth.; Food and fuel prices are very volatile in a war situation.; He was a vociferous opponent of Conservatism.; There seems no pattern to the attack, no volition to the men.; Government troops have overwhelmed the rebels and seized control of the capital.; She's somewhat more confident than she used to be.; She lashed the horses mercilessly with her long whip.; 因为喉咙发炎我正服用抗生素。; 很多杀菌剂的原料产自热带雨林。; 我从来不擅长算术。; 机器人最简单的行为是移动。; 全球暖化并没有明显可见的表像。; 他们用慢镜头重播了这个进球。; 她个性非常热情。; 高尔夫球已在我国富有的人中流行起来。; 这个城市有两百万人生活在赤贫中。; 孩子们对这些玩具的新鲜感很快就消失了，开始厌倦起来。; 他一有机会就去钓鱼。; 你必然会意识到情况有些蹊跷。; 这家公司的董事长只是个傀儡。; 他赌博输了一大笔钱。; 你有没试过换根保险丝？; 为什么蜂鸟和大猩猩都有脊椎？; 在过去十年里，这个山谷的林木被大肆采伐。; 这男人中等身高。; 有充分证据显示，汽车对环境有害。; 医院专门设立了一项基金。; 每天都有人饿死。; 猎人们花费数小时追捕猎物。; 航空公司把多收的钱退还给我了。; 消费的成长有刺激经济加速发展的作用。; 战争时期食品和燃料的价格极易波动。; 他高声反对保守主义。; 进攻看上去没有一点章法，士兵看上去也没斗志。; 政府军已击败了叛乱者，控制了首都。; 她比过去自信了一些。; 她毫不留情地用长鞭抽打马匹。
