You'll have to be very diplomatic if you want him to approve of the plan.; Domestic opinion had turned against the war.; Since they had their baby they've both become quite domesticated.; The fish was cooked to perfection.; I signed a petition against the proposed closure of the local hospital today.; He once owned a cotton plantation.; Comparatively speaking, this machine is easy to use.; It is a good opportunity to enhance your competitiveness.; This is the fifth consecutive weekend that I've spent working.; A security guard with a dog patrols the building site at night.; Will patrons kindly note that this restaurant will be closed in July.; The organization had been penetrated by a spy.; My top priority is to find somewhere to live.; This small house is my only property.; We wish your health, happiness, and prosperity.; They don't seem to grasp the magnitude of the problem.; The hemoglobin molecule contains only four atoms of iron.; This case has raised a multitude of questions.; He's got rather plump since I last saw him.; We're willing to pay a premium for the best location.; The pump is powered by a motor.; She underwent an operation on a tumor in her left lung last year.; His judgment was undistorted by emotion.; Can someone help me to undo my seat belt?; The world is now producing large food surpluses.; We are running your consumer survey now.; This has been a turbulent week for the administration.; They were divided by mutual suspicion and jealousy.; The economy looks set to sustain its growth into next year.; Viruses may be present in tap water.; 如果你要他同意这个计划，你必须十分注意策略。; 国内舆论已转而反对战争。; 自从有了孩子之后，他们两人都变得很会做家务了。; 这条鱼烧得极好。; 今天我在反对关闭当地医院的请愿书上签了名。; 他曾拥有一个棉花园。; 比较而言，这台机器用起来很方便。; 这是一个帮你提高竞争力的好机会。; 这是我连续第五个周末加班。; 夜间一名保安带着一只狗在建筑工地巡逻。; 各位老顾客请注意，本店将于七月暂停营业。; 一名间谍渗入了该组织。; 我首先要考虑的是找个地方住。; 这所小房子是我的唯一财产。; 我们祝愿你健康、幸福、事业兴旺。; 他们似乎没有领会到问题的重要性。; 血红蛋白分子只含有四个铁原子。; 这个案例引出了许多问题。; 自从我上次见到他以来，他胖了很多。; 为了得到最好的地段，我们愿意多付些钱。; 这台帮浦是靠一台马达运作的。; 她在去年做了一次左肺肿瘤切除手术。; 他的判断力并没有因为情绪而有所改变。; 有人能帮我解开安全带吗？; 世界上目前生产的食品大大过剩。; 我们正在忙你的用户调查表。; 对政府来讲，这是动荡多事的一周。; 他们因互相猜疑，嫉妒而对立。; 看来经济增长会持续到明年。; 病毒可以存在自来水中。
