I feel as if I've accomplished nothing since I left my job.; She was accomplished in all the arts.; They looked astonished when I announced I was pregnant.; The economy has been badly administered by the present government.; A tunnel was to be blasted through the mountains.; More money is needed to bolster the industry.; Her life is dramatic.; She swept her hair back dramatically.; Many employees have had to take drastic cuts in pay.; There is great public concern about some of the chemicals used in food preservation.; The company had made projections of sales of three thousand aircraft.; He'd fly into a rage at the slightest provocation.; Older people tend to be more conservative.; They're not being very cooperative.; I think that theory is defective.; Having small children really restricts your social life.; When questioned on TV, he retracted his allegations.; They could look at the spectra of the light the moons reflected.; She had some exciting adventures in Egypt.; The area depends on agriculture for most of its income.; Caricatures are usually done for amusement or satire.; He attracted a lot of bad publicity with his speech.; The station was closed for two hours because of a security alert.; I should have warned you about her sensitivity to criticism.; The company pollutes the environment.; He was prosecuted for fraud.; I was rebuked by my manager for being late.; The bulb has burned out.; She eased her large bulk out of the chair.; Some aircraft are designed to carry bulky freight or vehicles.; 我觉得辞掉工作以后就一直在虚度光阴。; 她精通各门艺术。; 我宣布我怀孕的消息时，他们看上去很吃惊。; 现任政府一直不擅长经济工作。; 要在群山中开凿一条隧道。; 需要更多的钱来扶持该行业。; 她的人生很戏剧化。; 她夸张地把头发向后一甩。; 许多员工不得不接受大幅降薪。; 民众对一些用于保存食物的化学物表示极为担忧。; 该公司已预测销售三千架飞机。; 哪怕是稍稍惹他一下他都会勃然大怒。; 上年纪的人往往比较保守。; 他们不肯合作。; 我认为那种理论有缺陷。; 家里有很小的孩子确实会妨碍你的社交生活。; 在接受电视采访时，他收回了他以前的说法。; 他们可以观察月亮反射的光的光谱。; 她在埃及经历了一些很刺激的奇遇。; 这个地区的大部分收入来自农业。; 漫画通常用来取乐或讽刺。; 他的演讲招致了公众的不少抨击。; 由于有安全警报，车站关闭了两小时。; 我早该警告你，她对别人的批评十分敏感。; 这间公司污染环境。; 他因诈骗而被起诉。; 我因为迟到而遭到经理的训斥。; 灯泡烧坏了。; 她缓缓地将她那庞大的身躯从椅子上挪开。; 有些飞机设计得能运载体积大的货物或车辆。
