Let me give you a demonstration of how the camera works.; Among Christians there are many denominations.; Depreciation has two specific meanings in economics.; The deformation of the bones was caused by poor diet.; The measure of his degradation was not yet full.; Engineers frantically cut every demolition wire they could find.; The company made a declaration of intent to follow an equal opportunities policy.; He's good at cake decoration.; It is the definition in a dictionary.; Many forged notes are in circulation.; Chinese civilization is one of the oldest in the world.; Some further clarification of your position is needed.; We all hope for the abolition of war.; Some poisonous gases can enter the body by absorption through the skin.; The museum's latest acquisition is an ancient sculpture.; He's well known in the local community.; There are a lot of complexities surrounding this issue.; Many plastics have high surface resistance and low electrical conductivity.; The stadium has a seating capacity of ten thousand people.; The gold was hidden in a secret cavity.; The country's most valuable commodities include tin and diamonds.; She was always cheerful in adversity.; Homer was a great man of antiquity.; As a scientist, he has the capability of doing important research.; You can rest assured.; Astute salesmen know how to invest.; Organizational ability is an essential attribute for a good manager.; Are you accusing me of lying?; The problem of poverty is particularly acute in rural areas.; Mountain climbers use oxygen when they reach higher altitudes.; 让我来给你示范一下相机的运作原理。; 基督教中有许多教派。; 在经济学里，价值下降具有两种特殊的含义。; 不好的饮食导至骨头的变形。; 他丢脸还没有丢到顶点。; 工兵们急忙切断他们所能找到的一切地雷的引线。; 公司宣称愿意遵守平等机会原则。; 他擅长做蛋糕装饰。; 这是字典上字义。; 许多假钞在流通。; 中国文明是世界上最古老的文明之一。; 还需进一步阐明你的立场。; 我们都希望消灭战争。; 一些有毒气体可以透过皮肤吸收进入体内。; 该博物馆最新购置的藏品为一尊古老的雕塑。; 他在当地社区非常出名。; 此事牵涉到许多错综复杂的情况。; 很多塑料具有高的表面电阻和低的导电性能。; 这个体育场能容纳一万人。; 黄金藏在一个隐秘的洞穴里。; 该国最有价值的商品包括锡和钻石。; 身处逆境时，她也从不垂头丧气。; 荷马是一位古代伟人。; 作为一个科学家，他具有从事重要科学研究的能力。; 你放心。; 精明的商人懂得如何投资。; 组织能力是一个出色经理必备的素质。; 你是在指责我撒谎吗？; 贫穷问题在农村地区尤为严重。; 到了海拔较高的地方，登山者就要使用氧气。
