The plan had to be aborted at the last minute.; Plants absorb carbon dioxide.; He was deep in debt and facing forfeiture of his property.; Fur coat have gone out of fashion.; There's something fishy going on here.; Where's the flash for the camera?; He has no comprehension of the size of the problem.; Tectonic forces caused compression in the earth's crust.; I can't ask for help. It feels like a confession of failure.; The cohesive power of our organization should not be neglected or underestimated.; We offer you a comprehensive training in all aspects of the business.; They had conclusive evidence of her guilt.; I spent two thousand dollars on the lobster dinner.; The soldier was disciplined for deserting his post.; We noticed a poster advertising a circus.; I'll have to lengthen this skirt.; Three minutes after the fire started, the house was full of lethal fumes.; The witness placed her hand on the Bible and took the oath.; The front seats of the car tilt.; We don't need to leave a tip.; This massage method is not recommended for anyone who is very ticklish.; Most zoos try to exhibit animals in naturalistic settings.; She is an authority on phonetics.; He is planning to retire from politics next year.; I had no sensation of pain whatsoever.; The termination of the bus service was a severe blow to many villagers.; We need to monitor the transaction of smaller deals.; Her attitude lends a fresh perspective to the subject.; The eye is a complex and highly developed photosensitive organ.; Primitive races colonized these islands two thousand years ago.; 计划被迫在最后一刻取消。; 植物吸收二氧化碳。; 他负债累累，面临财产被没收的窘境。; 皮草大衣已经过时了。; 这里的情况有点可疑。; 照相机的闪光灯在哪里？; 他不明白问题有多严重。; 大地构造作用力导致地壳被压缩。; 我不能请求帮助，那感觉就像是承认失败。; 我们组织的凝聚力是不容被忽视或低估的。; 我们向你提供这个行业各方面的综合培训。; 他们掌握了她犯罪的确凿证据。; 我在这顿龙虾晚餐花了两千元。; 这个士兵因为擅离岗位而受到处分。; 我们看到一张马戏团演出的海报。; 我必须把这条裙子放长一些。; 起火三分钟后，房子里充满了致命的毒气。; 证人将手放在圣经上，发誓要讲真话。; 汽车前座倾斜了。; 我们不必留小费。; 这种按摩法不太适合怕痒的人。; 大多数动物园会尽量在类似自然的环境里展出动物。; 她是语音学权威。; 他打算明年退出政坛。; 我没有任何痛苦的感觉。; 公车停驶对许多村民来说是一个严重的打击。; 我们需要监控规模较小的交易。; 她的态度为这个问题提供了新的视角。; 眼睛是复杂而且高度精密的感光器官。; 原始种族在两千年前开拓了这些岛屿。
