He completely demolished all her arguments.; It's important to distinguish between business and pleasure.; He is a distinguished writer.; There seems to have been some abrasion of the surface.; The lack of cohesion within the party lost them votes in the election.; The cyclist was in a collision with a bus.; In her haste to get up from the table, she knocked over a cup.; The president had a hostile reception in Ohio this morning.; Can you help me install this software?; Her breath smelled of garlic.; Many soldiers died because of dearth of food.; One of his forefathers emigrated to Australia.; She was born in Italy but her English is fluent and idiomatic.; I love high heels but they're rather impractical.; Mathematics is her favorite subject.; The sun appears to rise and set because of the earth's rotation.; It is the poorest section.; Success is achieved by the careful selection of projects.; This is an interesting and highly informative book.; She had an instinctive taste for music.; The lecture was instructive and interesting.; As you get older your bones become increasingly brittle.; We shuttled the passengers to the city center by helicopter.; The room was painted a subtle shade of pink.; The opportunity to travel is the main attraction of this job.; My hair needs trimming.; He is an experienced and trustworthy guide.; The temperature is very low in winter.; She advised us to look abroad for more lucrative business ventures.; He has become more venturesome this season with dress designs.; 他彻底推翻了她的全部论点。; 分清什么是正事什么是娱乐非常重要。; 他是个卓越的作家。; 表面好像有些磨损。; 党内缺乏凝聚力使他们在选举中失去了选票。; 那个骑脚踏车的人与一辆公车相撞。; 她匆忙从桌边站起来，结果碰翻了一个茶杯。; 总统今天早上在俄亥俄州受到了不友善的接待。; 你能帮我安装这个软体吗？; 她的嘴里有大蒜味。; 很多士兵因为缺少粮食死去。; 他的一位祖先移居澳洲。; 她出生在义大利，却讲一口流利地道的英语。; 我喜欢高跟鞋，但它很不实用。; 数学是她喜欢的科目。; 因为地球在自转，看上去就有了日出和日落。; 这是最穷的地段。; 成功是靠仔细慎选计划而取得的。; 这是一本有趣且资讯丰富的书。; 她性喜音乐。; 那次讲演既有益又有趣。; 随着年龄增长，人的骨头变得越来越脆。; 我们使用直升机往返不停地将旅客运送到市中心。; 房间被刷成了淡粉色。; 能有机会去不同的地方是这份工作富有吸引力的主要因素。; 我的头发需要剪一剪。; 他是一位有经验的、可信赖的向导。; 冬天的气温非常低。; 她建议我们去国外寻找更有利可图的商业机会。; 这一季他的服装设计更加大胆。
