Her first novel enjoyed an astonishing success.; I always blush when I speak in public.; A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.; The high suicide rate acted as a catalyst for change in the prison system.; He's in constant trouble with the police.; The letter was destined never to reach him.; The earth should be elliptical.; He's very energetic, isn't he?; He drove in an erratic course down the road.; We've had more than our ration of problems recently.; The realization was dawning that this was a major disaster.; Our school gave a reception to our new principal.; The police have no definitive proof of her guilt.; His painting is very derivative.; Lack of trust is very destructive in a relationship.; The test involves simple calculations, such as addition and subtraction.; The reorganization will transform the entertainment industry.; It makes the transition from the old conception to the new.; Acupuncture originated in China.; Our departure was delayed because of bad weather.; It's part of a drive to cut government expenditure.; The advantage of the plan is its simplicity.; The situation raises important questions about solidarity among member states of the UN.; Talks are being held about who should have sovereignty over the island.; She's utterly resolute in her refusal to apologize.; I can't figure out why they ridicule this constructive suggestion.; Now my house is secure against burglary.; It's very dull today but I don't think it'll rain.; The gulf war has sapped Iraqi vitality badly.; She gulped down her drink and made a hasty exit.; 她的第一部小说取得了惊人的成功。; 当众讲话时我总是脸红。; 双鸟在林，不如一鸟在手。; 高自杀率促成了监狱制度的改革。; 他与警方麻烦不断。; 他注定收不到这封信。; 地球应当是椭圆形的。; 他很有活力，不是吗？; 他开车忽左忽右地在路上蛇行。; 最近我们遇到的问题很多，超出我们的能力范围了。; 人们开始意识到这是一场大灾难。; 我们学校为新校长举行了欢迎会。; 警察并未掌握她犯罪的确凿证据。; 他的油画有很重的模仿痕迹。; 恋爱时缺乏信任是非常不利的。; 测验包括一些简单的运算，例如加法和减法。; 这次重组将使娱乐业大为改观。; 它使老的观念向新的观念转变。; 针刺疗法起源于中国。; 由于天气不好，我们的出发时间延后了。; 这是削减政府开支的一个方法。; 这项计划的优点是简单易行。; 当前形势引发了联合国成员国能否团结一致的质疑。; 关于该岛主权归属问题的会谈正在进行。; 她断然拒绝道歉。; 我弄不懂他们为什么嘲笑这一建设性建议。; 现在我的房子无被盗窃之危险。; 今天天气很阴暗，但我认为不会下雨。; 海湾战争使伊拉克大伤元气。; 她大口喝下饮料后急匆匆地出去了。
