Mr. John claimed the editorial had defamed him.; At night, the pupils dilate to allow in more light.; We should disseminate science and promote the scientific spirit.; He seems to lack basic conversational skills.; The atmosphere was quite convivial.; Her singing voice has a pure, crystalline quality.; There was an interesting article on vegetarianism in the paper yesterday.; He put every obstacle in my way.; The reform has hardly made a scratch upon the cuticle of affairs.; The dehydration process leads to fairly extensive decomposition of the product.; She's always very accommodating.; He is a good commentator.; We tried the furniture in different configurations to see which fit best.; The chemical companies had amalgamated into a vast conglomerate.; Young people often congregate in the main square in the evenings.; The boss assigned his car to his creditor.; Ducts and pipes crisscross.; Good habits are the crosscut to success.; Leave the chicken to defrost.; His team is at the forefront of scientific research into vaccines.; The freighter tied up at a small harbor.; Our previously opposed views are beginning to converge.; The two sides are now working diligently to resolve their differences.; The two countries followed very divergent pricing policies.; His tutor encouraged him to read widely in philosophy.; They set about their work with youthful vigor and enthusiasm.; The curator conducted us round the museum.; She is now at the summit of her career.; The furniture is too cumbersome to move.; In her delirium, she had fallen to the floor several times.; 約翰先生聲稱那篇社論有損他的名譽。; 到了晚上，瞳孔就會擴大以接收更多光線。; 我們應該普及科學知識且弘揚科學精神。; 他似乎缺乏基本的談話技巧。; 氣氛非常輕鬆愉快。; 她的嗓音純淨、清澈。; 昨天報紙上登了一篇關於素食主義的有趣文章。; 他處處從中作梗。; 改革幾乎還沒有觸到事物的表皮。; 脫水過程會導致產物相當程度的分解。; 她一向樂於助人。; 他是位好的解說員。; 我們嘗試了不同的傢俱佈局，看看哪一種最適合。; 那些化學品公司已經合併成一個龐大的企業集團。; 年輕人傍晚時經常聚集在大廣場上。; 那位老闆把自己的小汽車讓給了債權人。; 管道縱橫交錯。; 好習慣是成功的捷徑。; 讓雞肉自行解凍。; 他的小組處於疫苗科研的最前線。; 貨船停泊在一個小港口裡。; 我們原來相互對立的觀點開始趨於一致。; 雙方正進行不懈的努力以解決他們之間的分歧。; 這兩個國家奉行了非常不同的價格政策。; 他的家教鼓勵他廣泛閱讀哲學著作。; 他們帶著年輕人的活力與熱情開始了工作。; 館長帶領我們在博物館各處參觀。; 她現在正處在事業的頂峰。; 家具太笨重，搬起來很不方便。; 她在神智不清的狀態下，幾次摔倒在地上。
