The prospect of so much work filled him with consternation.; The drug causes the blood vessels to constrict.; Many of the women I spoke to left because they felt constricted.; The entire area has suffered the depredations of war.; They used sleep deprivation as a form of torture.; Failure did not deter us from trying it again.; He's discontented with his wage.; They wanted to dismember the company.; Such people bring our profession into disrepute.; Mary is a dieter who have got slim using these methods.; The falcon cannot hear the falconer.; She is a forerunner of the modern women's movement.; The plane would probably disintegrate at that high speed.; Only inside do you appreciate the church's true grandeur.; Children who walk in their sleep usually outgrow the habit.; The path cuts the meadow diagonally.; Everybody spoke enthusiastically at the meeting.; Attorneys are ethically and legally bound to absolute confidentiality.; The flight attendant welcomed us aboard.; There are some goats in the mountain.; The maximum load for this elevator is eight people.; By devious means she tracked down the other woman.; The occurrence of such things is by no means fortuitous.; He was fortuitously killed in a car accident.; The invention of printing helped the diffusion of learning.; They envision an equal society, free of poverty and disease.; Their intrusion into our private lives is unwarrantable.; Exercise stimulates the digestive and excretory systems.; He has a distinctively sinuous way of walking.; The hall looked very festive with its Christmas tree.; 一想到要做這麽多事，他心裡驚恐不已。; 這種藥會使血管收縮。; 和我聊過的很多女性因為覺得受拘束離開了。; 整個區域都遭到了戰爭破壞。; 他們把不讓人睡覺作為一種折磨人的手段。; 失敗並沒有能阻擋我們再次嘗試。; 他不滿於自己的工資。; 他們想分割這家公司。; 這種人令我們這一行業蒙羞。; 瑪麗是一個用這些方法變得苗條的節食者。; 獵鷹再也聽不見主人的呼喚。; 她是現代婦女運動的先驅。; 飛機以那麼高速飛行也許會四分五裂。; 只有深入其中，你才能真正欣賞教堂的富麗堂皇。; 夢遊的孩子通常在長大後這個習慣自然消失。; 那條路斜穿過草地.; 大家在會議上發言很熱烈。; 道德和法律都要求律師們絕對保密。; 空服員迎候我們登機。; 山上有一些山羊。; 這部電梯的最大載客量爲八人。; 她通過不正當的手段追查到了另外那個女人。; 出現這種問題絕不是偶然的。; 他偶然地在一場車禍中喪生。; 印刷術的發明有助於知識的傳播。; 他們嚮往一個沒有貧窮和疾病的平等社會。; 他們侵擾我們的私生活是毫無道理的。; 鍛煉能促進消化和排泄係統的活動。; 他走路扭來扭去，很有特點。; 大廳裡擺放著聖誕樹，呈現出一片節日的氣氛。
