There's no room for complacency if we want to stay in this competition!; They built the city at the confluence of two rivers.; The ugliness of the resort is counterbalanced by the excellence of the skiing.; She chiselled a figure out of the marble.; He had a sort of instinctive chivalry in him.; I won't encroach on your time any longer.; The town has a fourteenth century citadel overlooking the river.; She greeted them with civility, but not much warmth.; I could elicit no response from him.; The festival is to encompass everything.; I got the job on Sam's recommendation.; We are committed to withdrawing our troops by the end of the year.; The palm of one's hand is slightly concave.; The piano concerto was wonderfully rendered.; Loss of memory is a natural concomitant of old age.; This bond of kin represented the real basis of the confederacy.; It takes time to build up intimacy.; She was surprised at the urgency in his voice.; It is difficult to photograph the actual chromosphere.; Text and graphics are prepared separately and then combined.; In poetry the rose is often a metaphor for love.; The cometary ejection play a crucial role in formation and evolution of the meteoroid stream.; We are faced with two apparently contradictory statements.; My culinary skills are limited to boiling water!; There are five people under her supervision.; The Commissioner has absolutely unrestricted access to all the files.; A congressional report charges that federal safety laws were recklessly violated.; On a blackboard, he drew five concentric circles.; Cold causes contraction of the metal.; The flooring and landscaping will be done by contractors.; 我們要是想在競爭中立足就絕不能自滿！; 他們兩條河流的彙合處建造了城市。; 優良的滑雪條件彌補了這片渡假勝地景觀方面的缺陷。; 她用大理石雕刻出一個人像。; 在他身上有一種天生的騎士風度。; 我不會再占用你的時間了。; 鎮上有座十四世紀的城堡俯瞰著河面。; 她客氣地跟他們打招呼，可是不大熱情。; 我從他那裡套不出任何反應。; 這個節慶包羅萬象。; 我是透過山姆的推薦得到這份工作的。; 我們承諾將於年底前撤軍。; 人的手掌是微凹的.; 這首鋼琴協奏曲演奏得很好。; 上年紀後記憶力自然會隨之衰退。; 這種血緣親屬關係是聯盟的真實基礎。; 建立親密關係是需要時間的。; 他語調中透著急迫，這讓她很吃驚。; 要拍攝到真正的色球層是很困難的。; 文字和圖分別編排後再進行混排。; 玫瑰在詩中通常作為愛的象徵。; 彗星的噴發速度在流星群的演化過程中起著重要作用。; 我們面前這兩種說法顯然是矛盾的。; 恐怕我的廚藝不怎麽樣！; 有五個人在她的監督之下。; 特派員可以隨意查閱所有文件。; 一份國會報告指責聯邦安全法被公然違反。; 他在黑板上畫了五個同心圓。; 金屬遇冷收縮。; 地板鋪設和室外美化將由承包人來做。
