Many companies operate regular job appraisals, often on an annual basis.; This fruit was picked only yesterday, it's as fresh as a daisy.; Nicotine marks stained his chin and fingers.; Most of the important archaeological finds in this part of the world have been discovered accidently.; Indonesia is the largest archipelago in the world.; The armory also expands your ground control.; I knew him when he was an aspiring young law student.; You shouldn't expect immigrants to assimilate into an alien culture immediately.; He carved marble faster than any mason.; My mother made a sketch of my brother.; Most of the east coast remains untouched by tourism.; The children are very attached to their grandparents.; I shall list my objections to the plan in ascending order of importance.; She knitted an astounding purple scarf.; We quickly grew tired in the blazing sunshine.; She could deal with complex situations aptly.; After a disappointing first set, Nadal played assuredly and went on to win the match.; She thought this sentence brilliantly witty.; Teachers are always complaining about their heavy workloads.; Her confinement was approaching.; Perhaps you could coax your father into taking you to the station.; He's got a really annoying laugh.; The unemployed executives include former sales managers, directors and accountants.; Much of the corn and soy is fed to animals.; The author objected to the appropriation of his story by an amateur filmmaker.; The protagonist arrives to the castle.; This material is soundproof.; He laid her on an antiquated lounge.; They all showed extraordinary equestrian skills.; Where is the headquarter of your company?; 許多公司定期對僱員進行工作鑒定，通常是每年一次。; 這水果是昨天才摘的，像雛菊一樣新鮮。; 尼古丁漬染黃了他的下巴和手指。; 世界上这个地區的重要考古發現大都是偶然獲得的。; 印尼是世界上最大的群島。; 兵工廠可以擴張你的地面控制力。; 當他還是個有志氣的年經法學院學生我就認識他了。; 你不應該指望移民能夠馬上融入一種外國文化中。; 他雕刻大理石的速度比任何石匠都快。; 我母親畫了一張我弟弟的素描。; 幸運的是，東海岸的大部分地區還沒受到旅遊業的侵擾。; 孩子們非常依戀他們的祖父母。; 我將會把我反對這個計劃的理由按重要性從小到大一一列出。; 她織了一条令人吃驚的紫色圍巾。; 在陽光的炙烤下，我們很快就變得疲憊不堪。; 她能夠妥善地處置各种複雜情况。; 儘管第一局表現令人失望，納達爾信心十足，穩紥穩打，最終反敗為勝。; 她覺得這句話十分風趣。; 教師總是抱怨他們繁重的工作量。; 她的分娩期臨近了。; 也許你能花言巧語說服父親帶你去車站。; 他的笑聲真讓人煩。; 被解雇的管理人員包括前銷售經理、主管和會計。; 大部分的玉米及大豆被用來喂養動物。; 作者反對業餘電影製作人盜用他的故事。; 主角來到城堡前。; 這材料是隔音的。; 他把她放在一張破舊的躺椅上。; 他們的騎術都很高超。; 你們公司的總部在哪？
