I love the bandanna.; April was a bonanza month for car sales.; He served as an elementary school custodian for twenty years.; In later life she was crippled with arthritis.; I know you're a competent artisan.; The carver turned round hurriedly.; The insurers will need to assess the flood damage.; You'll frighten the baby wearing that mask.; The murder inquiry found that the children had been asphyxiated.; They failed to take the necessary precautions to avoid infection.; She entered the vault with an armed guard.; His audition went well and he's fairly hopeful about getting the part.; Water dripped down the wall.; Reindeer roam the tundra in large herds.; The mountains form a dramatic backdrop to the little village.; After an hour of aerobics your face will be beaded with sweat.; From what I was able to glean, it appears they don't intend to take any action yet.; Truly none was so fit to set about this herculean labour as Peter.; He is the most versatile of actors.; I averted my gaze while he dressed.; In conifer orchards new stumps should be removed.; They were defeated in the first round of the tournament.; The attainment of wealth did not make her happy.; His articles are natural and without embellishment.; Environmental awareness has increased dramatically over the past decade.; Angela danced with great briskness at the ball.; Clarify and conciseness often go hand in hand in commercial correspondence.; The avoidance of injury is critical to a professional athlete.; She took a sip of water to moisten her dry throat.; He leaned forward to kiss her and she recoiled in horror.; 我喜歡這條印花大手帕。; 四月份是汽車銷售的旺季。; 他當小學管理員二十年了。; 晚年她因患上關節炎而行動不便。; 我知道你是个有本領的手藝人。; 這位雕刻師急忙轉過身來。; 保險公司需要對洪水造成的損失進行評估。; 你戴那個面具會嚇壞寶寶。; 謀殺案的調查發現，孩子們是被窒息致死的。; 他們未能採取必要的預防措施來避免感染。; 她同一名武裝保安一起進入了金庫。; 他試鏡時表現出色，很有希望能獲得這個角色。; 水順著牆滴下來。; 大群大群的馴鹿在苔原上徜徉。; 群山如畫，映襯著小山村。; 做了一小時有氧運動後，你的臉上會滿是汗珠。; 根據我所收集到的資料分析, 他們看來還不打算採取任何行動。; 這樣困難的事除了彼特以外確實找不到更合適的人來辦了。; 他是最為多才多藝的演員。; 他穿衣服的時候，我把目光轉向一邊。; 在針葉樹的種子園，新的伐樁應予除掉。; 他們在錦標賽的第一輪就被打敗了。; 獲得財富並沒有使她幸福。; 他的文章沒有華麗的修飾，自然質樸。; 在過去的十年間，環保意識明顯增強。; 在舞會上安琪拉非常輕快地跳舞。; 在商務通信中,清楚和簡潔通常是一起出現的。; 對於一個職業運動員來說，避免受傷是至關重要的。; 她抿了一口水，潤一下發乾的喉嚨。; 他俯身去吻她，她驚恐地後退避開。
