Massive investment is needed to automate the production process.; Danger did not daunt the hero.; While she was in Hawaii, she studied the local flora and fauna.; The young men had nothing better to do than brawl in the streets.; The fish were madly pushing their way upstream to spawn.; They sprawl at ease across the sofa, arms draped over the back.; Her calm face belied the terror she was feeling.; She is a benign old lady.; Her will included small bequests to her family, while most of her fortune went to charity.; This was an opportunity that he would embrace.; She had a breakup with her boyfriend last year.; They disliked him only because he was invertebrate.; I heard a buzz and then saw the plane in the distance.; Bob and I have been buddies for years.; I pressed the buzzer and after a while someone came to the door.; All the cabins were private suites.; He has a very calm manner.; There we saw a large bed with a silk canopy over it.; The movie is about cannibalism.; The advancement of good new ideas is hampered by the careerism of scientists.; He was a vociferous opponent of conservatism.; I was breathless after climbing the stairs.; He stuffed the letter carelessly into his pocket.; There was a ceaseless noise of machinery.; These data can be plotted to form a calibration curve.; The two principal combustion products are water vapor and carbon dioxide.; He died from severe dehydration.; The urban growth created many problems.; Many people are in urgent need of food and water.; Love burgeoned between them.; 要實現生產過程的自動化需要大量的投資。; 危險並沒有嚇倒這位英雄。; 她在夏威夷的時候，研究了當地的動植物群。; 這些年輕人除了在大街上打架毆鬥做不出甚麽好事。; 魚群為產卵而瘋狂地向上遊擠進。; 他們愜意地躺在沙發上，手臂搭在後面。; 她平靜的表情掩蓋了內心的恐懼。; 她是位慈祥的老太太。; 她在遺囑中寫明將一小部分遺產留給家人，大部分都捐給慈善機構。; 這樣的機會他是求之不得的。; 她去年就與她的男友關係中斷。; 他們不喜歡他就是認為他沒骨氣。; 我聽見嗡嗡的聲音，接著看見了遠處的飛機。; 我和鮑勃是多年的好友。; 我按了蜂鳴器，一會兒就有人來開了門。; 所有的客艙都是獨立的。; 他舉止沉著鎮靜。; 我們看見那兒有一張大床，上方有一個絲綢頂篷。; 這電影是有關於同類相食。; 新生事物的發展受到野心派科學家的阻撓。; 他高聲反對保守主義。; 爬完樓梯後我就上氣不接下氣了。; 他隨隨便便地把信往口袋裡一塞。; 機器不停地發出噪音。; 這些數據可以繪制成一校準曲線。; 兩種主要的燃燒產物是水蒸氣和二氧化碳。; 他死於嚴重脫水。; 城市的成長產生了許多問題。; 很多人極需食物和水。; 他們雙雙迅速墜入愛河。
