The moon is a celestial body.; The centennial Olympics will be in Atlanta, Georgia.; Clinical trials of the new drug may take five years.; He tickled gently at its glossy carapace, but the stubborn beetle would not budge.; The answer will come out if you coalesce these three equations.; Her competence as a teacher is unquestionable.; You should not have too much carbohydrate in your diet.; There is a small broken dripstone formation near the entrance.; The video was seven minutes of high camp and melodrama.; These animals migrate annually in search of food.; It's very simple to upgrade the indexing software.; My children have never shown an interest in music, much to my chagrin.; The books are categorized into beginner and advanced.; The two principal combustion products are water vapor and carbon dioxide.; The steel in this class is tough, ductile and easily machined.; She cautiously closed the door.; Sometimes we are not consciously aware of these feelings.; Deciduous trees shed their leaves in autumn.; Without courage, victory is impossible.; While Joe sleeps, a large percentage of his capillaries are inactive.; Next year is the centenary of her death.; After giving his speech, Johnson was hustled out of the hall by bodyguards.; He bustled around the house, getting everything ready.; Babies have gristle in some parts of the skull.; He's a chaotic sort of a person.; Some parts of the world seem to be experiencing climatic changes.; Her hypothesis concerns the role of electromagnetic radiation.; A man staggered from the burning car.; The moss was soft and furry to the touch.; Nocturnal animals such as bats and owls only come out at night.; 月亮是天體中的一員。; 百年奧運盛典將在喬治亞州亞特蘭大舉行。; 這種新藥的臨床試驗可能需要五年時間。; 他輕輕地搔著甲蟲光滑的殼，但這隻固執的甲蟲就是不動。; 你將這三個方程式連結一下，答案就出來了。; 她的執教能力無可置疑。; 你日常飲食中不該有過多碳水化合物。; 入口附近有一個小的破滴水石。; 那段影片裡是七分鍾極盡誇張搞笑的鬧劇表演。; 這些動物為尋找食物每年都遷徙。; 升級索引軟體很簡單。; 我的孩子們從沒對音樂表現出一點興趣，真讓我失望。; 這些書分為入門級和高級。; 兩種主要的燃燒產物是水蒸氣和二氧化碳。; 這種鋼強韌，延展性好，而且容易加工。; 她小心翼翼地關上門。; 有時候我們沒有意識到這些情感。; 落葉樹木在秋天落葉。; 沒有勇氣就無法取得勝利。; 當喬睡覺時，他的毛細血管大部分是不工作的。; 明年是她逝世一百週年紀念。; 演講結束後，約翰遜被保鏢們簇擁著出了大廳。; 他在公寓裡忙著把所有東西都準備好。; 嬰兒的腦殼有些部分是軟骨。; 他是那種做事沒有頭緒的人。; 世界上一些地區似乎正在經歷氣候變化。; 她的假定涉及到電磁輻射的作用。; 一個男子跌跌撞撞地從燃燒著的車裡逃出來。; 苔蘚柔軟，摸起來像絨毛。; 夜行動物，如蝙蝠和貓頭鷹只在夜裡才出來。
