We had to abandon the car.; What does the abbreviation WHO stand for?; Tests revealed some abnormal skin cells.; It is hard to be an accountant.; Some maniac was running down the street waving a massive metal bar.; Her paintings have a very tactile quality.; The only access to the village is by boat.; She wore a green wool suit with matching accessories.; Soldiers have to swear allegiance to the King.; I believed him absolutely.; I didn't actually see her.; He is generally considered to be the prime minister's closest political ally.; I was never a particularly academic child.; The earthquake was a disaster of cosmic scale.; Buying goods on the installment plan has become epidemic in recent years.; He was expelled from the academy of sciences.; Tourism contributes millions of pounds to the local economy.; Religion had an intimate association with alchemy during the middle ages.; The plan had to be aborted at the last minute.; She has one son and she adores him.; I don't know how he can afford a new car on his salary.; There seems to have been some abrasion of the surface.; Her silence was taken as an admission of guilt.; The lack of cohesion within the party lost them votes in the election.; She has a rather abrasive manner.; You'll need some strong adhesive to mend that chair.; If I criticize him, he gets aggressive and starts shouting.; She decided to have an abortion.; The museum's latest acquisition is an ancient sculpture.; Teachers complain that more of their time is taken up with administration than with teaching.; 我們不得不棄車而去。; WHO的是什麼的縮寫？; 檢驗結果顯示一些皮膚細胞異常。; 當會計師是不容易的。; 有個瘋子揮著一根粗粗的金屬棒在街上奔跑。; 她的畫作具有很強的質感。; 到那個村子去的唯一方法是乘船。; 她身著綠色羊毛套裝，全身的配飾都與之配套。; 士兵必須宣誓效忠國王。; 我絕對相信他。; 實際上我並沒有看見她。; 人們普遍認為他是首相最親密的政治盟友。; 我從來就不是個特別好學的孩子。; 這次地震是一場巨大的災難。; 近幾年來，用分期付款的辦法購物十分流行。; 他被科學院開除了。; 旅遊業帶來數百萬英鎊的地方收入。; 在中世紀，宗教和煉金術密切相聯。; 計劃被迫在最後一刻取消。; 她只有一個兒子，是她的心肝寶貝。; 我不知道他靠薪水怎麼能買得起新車。; 表面好像有些磨損。; 她的沉默被認為是承認自己有罪。; 黨內缺乏凝聚力使他們在選舉中失去了選票。; 她的態度相當粗暴。; 你需要用一些強力黏合劑才能修好那把椅子。; 如果我批評他，他就會尋釁大吵大鬧。; 她決定要去墮胎。; 該博物館最新購置的藏品為一尊古老的雕塑。; 教師抱怨他們花在行政工作上的時間超過了教學的時間。
