Moist heat treatment inactivates the antinutritional factors present.; His casual behavior was wholly inappropriate for such a formal occasion.; American presidents are always inaugurated in January.; The plumber is coming tomorrow to install the new washing machine.; She was instrumental in bringing about the prison reform act.; He is an intellectual.; He was declared ineligible for the competition.; The accident was the inevitable consequence of carelessness.; The prime minister has adopted an inflexible position on immigration.; They were aware of the injustices of the system.; He firmly believes that she is innocent of the crime.; There have been several instances of violence at the school.; She was intrigued by his story.; My shoulder's been plaguing me all week.; I burned my tongue on some soup last night.; The index is arranged in alphabetical order.; Dick was socially inept and uncomfortable in the presence of women.; My infant for once lay quiet in his cradle.; All the tomato plants are infected with a virus.; The manager is friendly with his inferiors.; It has been estimated that one in eight couples is infertile.; The government did nothing to curb inflation.; She arrived to carry out a health and safety inspection of the building.; I cannot write without inspiration.; The peace initiative was welcomed by both sides.; She had an instinctive taste for music.; The lecture was instructive and interesting.; He's always had an inferiority complex about his height.; No one doubted that the president was a man of the highest integrity.; He admitted his liability for the accident.; 溫熱處理可以抑制抗營養的因素出現。; 他隨便的舉止在這樣正式的場合十分不恰當。; 美國總統總是在一月正式就職。; 水管工明天來安裝新的洗衣機。; 監獄改革條例得以出臺多虧她大力促成。; 他是位知識份子。; 他被宣佈沒有資格參賽。; 這次意外是粗心導致的必然結果。; 首相在移民問題上採取了強硬的立場。; 他們知道這種體制的不公正之處。; 他堅信她是清白的。; 學校裡發生過幾次暴力事件。; 她被他的故事迷住了。; 我的肩膀整個星期都很難受。; 我昨晚喝湯時燙著了舌頭。; 索引按字母順序排列。; 迪克不擅長社交，在女性面前顯得局促。; 我的嬰兒這一次總算安靜地躺在搖籃裡。; 所有的番茄植株都染上了一種病毒。; 經理對他的部屬很友好。; 據估計，每八對夫婦中就有一對不能生育。; 政府沒有採取措施遏制通貨膨脹。; 她來對大樓進行安全衛生檢查。; 沒有靈感我寫不出東西。; 和平倡議受到了雙方的歡迎。; 她性喜音樂。; 那次講演既有益又有趣。; 他對自己的身高總是有種自卑感。; 沒有人懷疑總裁是個光明磊落的人。; 他承認自己對這起事故應負責任。
