The sound of martial music is always inspiring.; She is very maternal towards her employees.; The family has a history of mental disorder.; It is one of the great masterpieces of European art.; Drunk drivers are a menace to everyone.; The accident was caused by the negligence of the driver.; The cornea is the transparent membrane that covers the front of the eye.; The tempo was suddenly raised.; Between the eighth week of development and birth a human embryo is called a fetus.; Could you mend this hole in my shirt?; I am obedient to my parents.; I hope I haven't offended you.; He raised one eyebrow in a meaningful way.; She was more mournful than our birds here.; He has a thoughtful approach to his work.; It's difficult to interpret these statistics without knowing how they were obtained.; It is impolite to interrupt the meeting.; The minister intervened personally to stop the museum from being closed.; He likes to show off his masculine physique.; He ordered the massacre of two thousand women and children.; He had got his neck out of the yoke of matrimony.; The issue has been much discussed in the media.; Negotiators were called in to mediate between the two sides.; The Morality Play was a type of religious drama produced in the medieval age.; Mathematics is her favorite subject.; Most zoos try to exhibit animals in naturalistic settings.; She's neurotic about her weight.; He sent us a memorandum about the meeting.; Several millenniums ago, the Taipei basin was a large lake.; We need a minimum of ten people to play this game.; 軍樂聲總是令人振奮的。; 她對員工十分慈祥。; 這個家庭有精神失常的病史。; 它是歐洲藝術最傑出的作品之一。; 醉酒駕駛者對所有人都構成威脅。; 事故是由司機的疏忽造成的。; 角膜是覆蓋在眼球前部的透明膜。; 拍子突然變快了。; 從發育第八周到出生這段時間，人類的胚胎被稱作胎兒。; 你能把我襯衫上的這個洞補一下嗎？; 我對爸母言聽計從。; 我希望我未冒犯您。; 他別有一番深意地揚起一道眉毛。; 她比這裡的鳥還傷心難過。; 他工作很細心周到。; 不了解這些統計數字是怎樣得來的就難以理解它們。; 打斷會議是很不禮貌的。; 部長親自干預以阻止博物館的關閉。; 他喜歡炫耀他的陽剛之氣。; 他下令屠殺了兩千名婦女和兒童。; 他已經擺脫了婚姻的枷鎖。; 大眾媒體對這件事討論得很多。; 請來了談判人員為雙方調解。; 道德劇是西方中世紀時的一種宗教戲劇。; 數學是她喜歡的科目。; 大多數動物園會盡量在類似自然的環境裡展出動物。; 她對自己的體重有些神經質。; 他寄給我們會議備忘錄。; 幾千年前，現在的台北盆地還是一片湖泊。; 玩這個遊戲我們至少需要十個人。
