The vast prairie stretches west to the horizon.; The post office was raided late at night.; A train went off the rails and crashed into the bank.; Your invention is very practical.; The universe evolved from a densely packed primal inferno.; My father is the principal of my school.; The cat sat in the tree ready to pounce on the ducks below.; Precedence must be given to the injured in the evacuation plans.; Would it be breaking with precedent for the bride to make a speech?; She blamed me for practically every mistake in the report.; They can presumably afford to buy a bigger apartment.; The commander rallied his tired soldiers and they fought off the enemy at last.; Many borrowers now find themselves caught in a precarious financial position.; You're so precious to me.; He is one of the world's most prestigious conductors.; The product will have to meet internationally prescribed standards.; She was overawed by the presence of so many people.; Putting varnish on wood is a way to preserve it.; It is my primary concern.; It is a market without a regulatory framework.; She acted with a repertory company for three years.; They failed to take the necessary precautions to avoid infection.; Hail and sleet are types of precipitation.; Lately, his preoccupation with football had caused his marks at school to slip.; This bread is completely free from artificial preservatives.; Primitive races colonized these islands two thousand years ago.; It was a productive and fertile period.; Premature babies are kept alive in incubators.; I had a puncture when I was driving back from work.; Tom teaches sculpture at the local art school.; 茫茫大草原向西伸展，直至天邊。; 昨晚深夜郵局遭到搶劫。; 一列火車脫軌後撞到路堤上。; 你的發明物很實用。; 宇宙是從原始的熾熱混沌狀態演變而來的。; 我爸爸是我學校的校長。; 樹上的貓準備撲向下面的鴨子。; 在疏散計劃中應優先考慮傷者。; 新娘發表講話是否有悖於慣例？; 她幾乎把報告裡所有的錯誤都怪在我頭上。; 他們大概買得起一間大一點的公寓。; 指揮官重整疲憊不堪的士兵，最後他們終於擊退敵人。; 許多借款人現在發現自己陷入不穩定的財務狀況。; 你對我來說就是珍寶。; 他是世界上最有聲望的指揮家之一。; 該產品必須符合國際規定的標準。; 這麼多人在場，把她嚇壞了。; 在木料上塗清漆是保護木料的一種方法。; 這是我最關心的事。; 這是個缺乏管理框架的市場。; 她在一個輪演劇目劇團里演出三年。; 他們未能採取必要的預防措施來避免感染。; 冰雹和凍雨都是降水形式。; 最近他一心想著足球，學校成績都退步了。; 這種麵包絕不含人工防腐劑。; 原始種族在兩千年前開拓了這些島嶼。; 這是個豐收的時期。; 早產嬰兒放在保溫箱裡保育。; 我下班開車回來時輪胎被紮了個洞。; 湯姆在當地藝術學校教雕塑。
