Laws against racial prejudice must be strictly enforced.; The preponderance of evidence suggests that he's guilty.; Going to court to obtain compensation is a long process.; The new law is designed to protect people's privacy.; He made little proficiency in literary accomplishments.; These doom and gloom prophecies are doing little to help the economy.; His lawyers have decided not to proceed with the case.; She managed to save enough money to redeem her jewelry from the pawn shop.; We tried to avoid the beds of reeds at the river curves.; The company has gained international prestige.; Healthcare should be a right, not a privilege.; I sat down to a cup of wonderfully pungent Turkish coffee.; The president is a prime target for the assassin's bullet.; We need to increase our company's profile in Asia.; Snakes, lizards, and crocodiles are reptiles.; She is a pretentious person.; The previous owner is good.; In a prosperous country like this, no one should go hungry.; The interviewer probed deep into her private life.; He gets things done, but only after I've prodded him into doing them.; She's proficient in two languages.; You are Dr. Smith, I presume?; I am sure that common sense will prevail in the end.; These diseases are more prevalent among young children.; He is under pressure.; He reassured me my check would arrive soon.; Acupressure therapy is effective for many types of illnesses.; These drugs are only available on prescription.; The speaker gave an interesting presentation.; The judge put him on probation for two years.; 禁止種族歧視的法律必須嚴格執行。; 大量的證據顯示他有罪。; 起訴要求賠償是一個漫長的過程。; 新法律旨在保護人們的隱私權。; 他在文學方面成就不多。; 這些悲觀的預言對經濟毫無幫助。; 他的律師已經決定不再繼續打那場官司了。; 她設法存夠了錢，把自己的首飾從當鋪贖了回來。; 我們試圖避開河彎處的蘆葦灘。; 該公司贏得了國際聲譽。; 醫療健保應該是權利，而非特權。; 我坐下來喝了一杯味道濃醇的土耳其咖啡。; 總統是這名刺客的主要目標。; 我們需要擴大公司在亞洲的影響力。; 蛇、蜥蜴和鱷魚是爬蟲類。; 她是個自命不凡的人。; 前主人很好。; 在這樣一個繁榮的國家裡，不應該有人挨餓。; 採訪者深入打探她的私生活。; 他把事情做完了，不過是在我的督促下他才這麼做的。; 她精通兩種語言。; 我想你是史密斯博士吧？; 我相信常識最終會獲勝。; 這些疾病在幼兒中更普遍。; 他壓力很大。; 他安慰我說我的支票很快就會到了。; 按摩治療對許多病症都有效。; 這些藥只能憑處方購買。; 演講者發表了有趣的內容。; 法官判他緩刑兩年。
