The work was undertaken by members of the committee.; We'll update you on this news story throughout the day.; His voice vibrated with anger.; For years they have enjoyed a standard of living unmatched by any other country in Europe.; He wrenched the knob off when he was trying to open the door.; He demanded her wristwatch as a pawn for the loan.; It's pretty unlikely they'll turn up now.; I am utterly convinced of your loyalty.; He virtually lived in his office.; He is an unscrupulous businessman.; You said that many big companies act unscrupulously.; He gave her a vicious look.; His business thrived in the years before the war.; A fish bone got stuck in my throat.; Both records have a good throbbing bass which is great to dance to.; Urbanization will become increasingly important in the future.; Computer has found an increasingly wide utilization in all fields.; Her veneration for traditional learning never wavered.; My niece showed me all the tricks.; A mere trifle brought about a quarrel between the brothers.; He pulled the trigger and the bottle was shot to pieces.; What created the apparent uniformity of characters?; The store deals in objects of domestic utility.; Work on the production line is monotonous and lacks variety.; His judgment was undistorted by emotion.; Can someone help me to undo my seat belt?; It's unfair to blame Roger.; The hospital has no vacant beds.; Vacuum up the cake crumbs, would you?; My way of thinking might be different from yours, but it's equally valid.; 此項工作由委員會成員承擔。; 我們將全天向您報道該新聞事件的最新進展。; 他非常憤怒，聲音微微顫抖。; 多年來，他們所享受的生活水準是歐洲其他任何國家都無法比擬的。; 他開門時把門把手擰了下來。; 他要她把拿手錶下來作為貸款的抵押。; 他們現在不大可能來了。; 我完全相信你的忠誠。; 他簡直是住在自己的辦公室裡了。; 他是個不擇手段的商人。; 你說許多大公司不按規則運行。; 他惡狠狠地瞪了她一眼。; 戰前那些年，他的生意很興隆。; 我喉嚨裡鯁了一根魚刺。; 兩張唱片都有極富節奏感的低音，很適合跳舞。; 城市化將來將變得越來越重要。; 電腦已越來越廣泛地在各個領域得到應用。; 她對傳統學問的敬意從未動搖。; 我侄女給我看所有把戲。; 一點兒小事引起了兄弟間一場爭吵。; 他扣動扳機，瓶子當即被打得粉碎。; 是什麼造成了這些顯然相同的性格？; 那家商店出售家庭用品。; 在生產線上工作很單調，缺乏變化。; 他的判斷力並沒有因為情緒而有所改變。; 有人能幫我解開安全帶嗎？; 責備羅傑是不公平的。; 這家醫院沒有空床位。; 請用吸塵器把蛋糕屑清理掉，好嗎？; 我的想法也許和你的不同，但同樣站得住腳。
