We must not perpetuate the religious divisions of the past.; Small businesses have proliferated in the last ten years.; The author promulgates his political beliefs in his latest book.; I have no brow of such a pedagogical tone.; We face the perennial problem of not having enough money.; The most pivotal reason is environment.; Have you looked at your paycheck lately?; My stickpin is disappeared.; The moment he received the order, the soldier packed his knapsack.; Thinking angry thoughts can provoke strong physiological arousal.; They don't want equality and regimentation.; You cannot legislate to change attitudes.; His Chinese kung fu is peerless.; Each morning cleaners make sure everything is spotless.; The fish was mushy and tasteless.; The advantages far outweigh the disadvantages.; In our work, quality is paramount.; He recounted his adventures since he had left home.; The photosphere has a granular structure.; What is the altitude of the topographical point?; It is a map showing the topography of the island.; Houses have been built on the periphery of the factory site.; The owl is a predatory bird that kills its prey with its claws.; She had the most rubbery face.; It will be okay effect extending in petroleum and petrifaction areas.; My uncle is a projectionist.; The pressure of protectionist will become larger.; Insurance companies are already overburdened with similar claims.; Biological research has often been a precursor to medical breakthroughs.; They managed to surmount all opposition to their plans.; 我們絕對不能讓過去的宗教分裂繼續下去。; 在過去的十年裡，小型企業激增。; 作者在他的新書裡宣揚他的政治信仰。; 我不喜歡這種學究的口吻。; 我們長期面臨資金不足的問題。; 最關鍵的原因是環境。; 你最近看了自己的薪水支票了嗎？; 我的領帶夾不見了。; 士兵一接到命令就馬上整理背包。; 想著生氣的事情能激起強烈的生理反應。; 他們不要一律平等和嚴格控制的組織。; 態度是不能用立法來改變的。; 他的中國功夫是無與倫比的。; 每天早晨，清潔工們會把一切都打掃得幹幹淨淨。; 這魚煮得太爛了且沒滋沒味的。; 利遠大於弊。; 我們的工作追求品質至上。; 他講述了離家以後的很多奇遇。; 光球還有顆粒結構。; 最高點的海拔高度為多少？; 這是這個島的地形圖。; 廠址的周邊地區蓋起了房子。; 貓頭鷹是一種掠食性鳥類，它用爪子殺死獵物。; 她表情極為豐富。; 在石油石化領域推廣可收到較好的效果。; 我叔叔是位電影放映師。; 貿易保護主義者的壓力會變得更大。; 保險公司已經被類似的索賠弄得不堪重負。; 生物學研究往往是醫學突破的先驅。; 他們設法擺平了對他們計劃的所有反對意見。
