Both musically and lyrically it is very effective.; The doors can be manually operated in the event of fire.; The two designers settled upon a minimalist approach.; This area was very marshy before the drainage system was installed.; I thought of myself as a patriarch, dispensing words of wisdom to all my children.; The king was suffering from cardiac weakness.; It was the embodiment of princely magnificence.; We should avoid making multifaceted and complicated blogs.; The report states that vandalism is a pestilence that must be stamped out.; The production process is now highly mechanized.; For decades it's been home to ranchers.; If ranching were made more intensive, crops could expand into empty pasture.; It was a real shock, the first time I heard my mother swear.; A thin thread of light made its way through the curtains.; Protective measures are necessary if the city's monuments are to be preserved.; The policeman regulated traffic at the intersection.; Greater government intervention in businesses would represent a step backwards.; At this moment the three intrepid travellers appeared.; This mammoth undertaking was completed in ten months.; He wiped the knife and put it back in the sheath.; Sloths live in Central and South America.; Malleability is a physical property.; She has limited mobility in her arms.; Nonconformity products should be traced.; Use a sun cream to filter out ultraviolet rays.; The drug put Simpson in a lull for thirty minutes.; Mash the bananas to a pulp and then mix in the yogurt.; My way of thinking might be different from yours, but it's equally valid.; He led a varied life.; Lava is extruded from the volcano.; 這首歌的音樂和歌詞都給人留下非常深刻的印象。; 發生火災時，這些門可以手動控制。; 兩位設計師決定採用極簡派風格。; 安裝排水系統前，這個地區滿布泥濘。; 我把自己當作在向子女傳授至理名言的一家之長。; 國王患有心臟病。; 這體現了和親王相稱的富麗堂皇。; 我們應該避免作出多層面與複雜的部落格。; 該報告說明，惡意破壞行為是一種毒瘤，必須剷除。; 現在的生產過程高度機械化。; 數十年來這裡是牧場主的家園。; 如果放牧更加密集了，農作物可以擴展到空的牧場上種植。; 我第一次聽見母親罵人時，覺得非常震驚。; 一縷光線透過簾子射進來。; 要保存城市古跡必須採取一些維護性措施。; 警察在交叉路口指揮交通。; 政府加強對企業的干涉將是一種退步。; 這時候，那三位無畏的旅行家出現了。; 這項龐大的任務在十個月內完成了。; 他擦乾淨刀子，放入鞘內。; 樹懶生活在中美洲和南美洲。; 延展性是物質的一個物理特性。; 她的雙臂隻能做有限的活動。; 不合格的產品需要被追蹤。; 用防曬乳來防止紫外線。; 藥物使辛普森安靜了三十分鍾。; 把香蕉搗成泥，然後拌到優格裡。; 我的想法也許和你的不同，但同樣站得住腳。; 他過著豐富多彩的生活。; 熔岩從火山中噴出。
