Nontraditional loans often start with low payments for the first year or two.; Gestures are a nonverbal means of expression.; I think marriage is used to uphold patriarchal control.; The city resisted the enemy onslaught for two weeks.; The path was lined with laurels.; He put his hands on the gate and vaulted it easily.; Nomadic tribes wander these deserts.; Pedagogic ability remains vital everywhere.; Painting originated in prehistoric times.; Does he find his new celebrity intruding on his private life?; After about three months, I was no longer addicted to nicotine.; The river had worn a ravine between the hills.; The body's metabolism is slowed down by extreme cold.; He praised her professionalism and dynamism.; Here is the classic contradiction of reformism.; He always takes the role of a mediator in any dispute.; It was made by a meteor that fell from space.; You're the one that said that all men are predators.; The legislative body had voted to oust the country's onetime rulers.; Sweden needs to cast aside outdated policies and thinking.; The political system has become thoroughly outmoded.; My uncle is a nonprofessional archaeologist.; I make no pretensions to expert Knowledge of financial matters.; This is a propulsion system.; We are optimist and realist.; Postdated cheques will not be accepted.; After living abroad for so long, he found it difficult to readjust to life at home.; Thanks to that, they do not look so monochromatic.; The familiar form of the kinetic energy will not do.; No medical worker is allowed to prescribe any narcotic drug for herself.; 非傳統貸款通常在前一兩年還款額是較低的。; 打手勢是一種非言語的表達方式。; 我覺得婚姻是用來維繫父權統治的。; 這個城市反抗敵人的猛攻長達兩個星期之久。; 小路兩旁都種有月桂樹。; 他把手放到門上並很輕鬆地跳過去。; 遊牧部落在這些荒漠上遊牧。; 無論在哪裏，教學能力都是至關重要的。; 繪畫始於史前時期。; 他是否感覺到他最近的成名侵擾了他的私生活？; 大約三個月後，我就不再對尼古丁上癮了。; 那條河在兩山之間已造成一個深谷。; 嚴寒可以使身體新陳代謝的速度下降。; 他讚揚了她的專業精神和活力。; 這就是典型的改良主義的矛盾。; 他總是在爭論中充當調停人的角色。; 它是由流星從太空中墜落造成的。; 是你說的所有男人都是捕食者喔。; 立法機構通過投票將該國的前度領導人趕下了台。; 瑞典必須摒棄過時的政策和思維。; 這一政治體制已經完全落伍了。; 我叔叔是個業餘考古學家。; 我不自詡有金融方面的專門知識。; 這是推進系統。; 我們是樂觀主義者又是現實主義者。; 恕不接受期票。; 在外國生活了那麽長時間後，他覺得很難適應國內的生活。; 得益於此，他們看起來不才不至於那麼單調。; 通常形式的動能將不適用。; 醫務人員不得為自己開處方使用麻醉藥品。
