The elections have been reduced to a farce.; He wore the garb of a general.; The hot weather made me feel lethargic.; This behaviour is commonly observed among several species of finch.; The mom took the hatchling to a river and urged them to swim.; Her matchless beauty is beyond description.; There is a small evergreen shrub on the hillside.; This plant is a gross feeder.; We need to make sweeping cuts to our budget.; Parallel lines will never meet no matter how far extended.; A huge effort was made to exterminate the rats.; Doctors often extol the virtues of eating less fat.; Once an egg is fertilized by the sperm, it becomes an embryo.; In the West, job interviews are highly formalized and systematic.; I felt sure he was seeking for some gibe.; It is common to distinguish between personal and social ethics.; His voice had a rich melodic quality.; Regular exercise can increase your basal metabolic rate.; Your fanaticism followed the girl is wrong.; She had a lifelong commitment to feminism.; Stories of his heroism resounded through the country.; If the chair is too high you can adjust it to suit you.; As leader, he opened up exciting vistas of global cooperation.; All her life she was an ardent feminist.; Police stopped him for driving erratically.; He is a fanatical hunter.; After weeks of frenetic activity, the job was finally finished.; These goods are subject to exemption from tax.; It doesn't lie within my jurisdiction to set you free.; The juxtaposition of these two remarks was startling.; 競選演變為一場鬧劇。; 他身著將軍的制服。; 炎熱的天氣使我昏昏欲睡。; 這種行為常常可以在幾種雀科鳴鳥中看到。; 媽媽帶著剛孵化的幼兒到河邊，敦促他們下水。; 她那舉世無雙的美貌無法形容。; 山腰上有一小塊常青灌木叢。; 這植物需要大量肥料。; 我們必須大幅削減預算。; 無論延伸多長，平行線永不相交。; 滅鼠花了大力氣。; 醫生常常宣揚少吃脂肪的好處。; 卵子受精後即成胚胎。; 在西方，工作面試是非常正式和系統化的。; 我敢說他正在尋找一句什麼嘲諷話。; 個人道德準則和社會道德準則常常不一致。; 他的音色渾厚而優美。; 定期運動能夠提高你的基礎代謝率。; 你對那個女孩的狂熱是錯誤的。; 她畢生都致力於女權運動。; 他的英雄故事傳遍全國。; 如果椅子太高了，你可以把它調到適合你的高度。; 作為領袖，他開啟了全球合作的美好前景。; 她一生都是一個充滿激情的女權運動者。; 警察因其駕駛不循規則而把他攔下了。; 他是個著了迷的獵手.; 經過幾個星期的瘋狂忙活，工作終於完成了。; 這些貨物可以免稅。; 我無權將你釋放。; 這兩句話連在一起使人聽了震驚。
