He is the chief.; There was a chill in the air this morning.; I felt a bit chilly, so I put on a jacket.; We're going to move to a warmer climate.; The climax of the air show was a daring flying display.; He spent the whole morning clipping the trees.; I don't want any comments about my new haircut.; Our overseas commerce has increased a great deal.; The TV show was interrupted by too many commercials.; Without wishing to sound conceited, I am the best salesperson in the company.; He couldn't conceive of a time when he would have no job.; I can't concentrate on my work with all that noise.; You must be able to deal with all possible contingencies.; The Japanese yen is one of the stronger currencies in the world.; Pregnant women often suffer from iron deficiency.; In China, her blonde hair was conspicuous.; He was contemptuous of all authority.; She was always courteous.; He stated firmly that no concessions will be made to the terrorists.; I can't ask for help. It feels like a confession of failure.; Solar power is the conversion of the sun's energy into heat and electricity.; She loved the creamy consistency of fresh paint.; Diagnosis of the disease is difficult in the early stages.; Every transistor has at least three electrodes.; People from different cultures have different conceptions of the world.; The shooting of the police officer has received universal condemnation.; We get a lot of condensation on the walls in the winter.; This is the fifth consecutive weekend that I've spent working.; Older people tend to be more conservative.; They're not being very cooperative.; 他是首領。; 今天早上有點冷颼颼的。; 我覺得有點冷，所以就穿了件夾克。; 我們將搬到氣候比較暖和的地方去。; 航空展的高潮是驚險刺激的飛行表演。; 他花了整個上午的時間修剪這些樹。; 我不想聽到誰對我的新髮型說三道四。; 我們的海外貿易已大大增加。; 那檔電視節目插進的商業廣告太多了，不斷被打斷。; 不是我自誇，我是公司最好的推銷員。; 他不能想像有一天他會沒有工作。; 那麼吵，我沒法集中精力。; 你必須能應付一切可能發生的意外事件。; 日元是世界上較堅挺的貨幣之一。; 孕婦常常缺鐵。; 在中國，她的金髮十分顯眼。; 他蔑視一切權威。; 她總是謙恭有禮。; 他強硬地宣稱不會對恐怖分子作出任何讓步。; 我不能請求幫助，那感覺就像是承認失敗。; 太陽能動力是將太陽能轉化為熱和電。; 她喜歡新鮮油漆鮮奶油狀的黏性。; 這種病的早期診斷很難。; 每個電晶體管至少有三個電極。; 不同文化背景的人對世界持有不同的看法。; 槍殺員警事件受到了大衆的一致譴責。; 冬天，我們的牆上會凝結很多水珠。; 這是我連續第五個週末加班。; 上年紀的人往往比較保守。; 他們不肯合作。
