She was disabled in the accident.; The machines have to be made of durable materials.; It will enable us to get the job done.; They were sent home in disgrace.; Recently published statistics show a divergence from previous trends.; The last I heard they were getting a divorce.; It wasn't very considerate of you.; A university consists of teachers, administrators and students.; There has been a consistent improvement in her attitude.; There is some discrepancy between the two accounts.; These machines increased our work efficiency.; How would disabled people escape in an emergency?; The destiny of our nation depends on this vote!; A suspect has been detained by the police for questioning.; She was taken into hospital last week when her condition suddenly deteriorated.; He is at a disadvantage being so shy.; Get tickets early to avoid disappointment.; There was a note of disapproval in the teacher's voice.; She gained a diploma in Business Administration.; The fourteen point at once became the great manifesto of the war.; From the hotel roof you can enjoy a panorama of the whole city.; Such a war would be disastrous for the country.; These claims are dubious and not scientifically proven.; Their sitting room was enormous.; You'll have to be very diplomatic if you want him to approve of the plan.; Domestic opinion had turned against the war.; Her life is dramatic.; You must show more discretion in choosing your friends.; She is of a cheerful disposition.; This company makes no distinction between the sexes.; 她在那次事故中致殘。; 這種機器必須使用耐用的材料來製造。; 它能夠讓我們完成這個工作。; 他們蒙著羞被送回了家裡。; 最近發布的數字與先前呈現的趨勢大相徑庭。; 上次我聽說他們正在辦理離婚手續。; 你真不懂得體諒別人。; 大學由教師，行政人員和學生組成。; 她的態度一直在改進。; 這兩份帳單之間有一些出入。; 這些機器使我們的工作效率提高了。; 如果發生緊急情況，傷殘人士如何逃離？; 我們國家的前途取決於這次選舉！; 一名嫌疑人已被員警拘留接受進一步審訊。; 她是在上周病情突然惡化時被送進醫院的。; 過於害羞使他處於劣勢。; 早點訂票以防訂不到。; 老師的語氣裡透著反對的意思。; 她取得了工商管理的學位證書。; 這十四點原則立即成為重要的戰爭宣言。; 從飯店樓頂上你可以欣賞到城市的全景。; 這樣一場戰爭會給國家帶來災難性的後果。; 這些說法未經科學證實，有些可疑。; 她們的客廳超級大。; 如果你要他同意這個計畫，你必須十分注意策略。; 國內輿論已轉而反對戰爭。; 她的人生很戲劇化。; 你擇友須更謹慎。; 她性情開朗。; 這間公司男女平等。
