The new ramp will facilitate the entry of wheelchairs.; My suntan is already fading.; He was charged with possessing a fake passport.; Good morning is a conventional greeting.; I'm not conversant with the rules of chess.; They conversed for some time in whispers.; The passenger pigeon is extinct.; It is obvious how bad movies will impact on children.; All the tomato plants are infected with a virus.; He is a distinguished writer.; My original statement has been completely distorted by the media.; Don't distract her from her studies.; If you need any extra help, just call me.; He rarely used taxis, which he regarded as extravagant.; They took extreme measures to conserve fuel.; They are faithful supporters.; It was a most fruitful discussion, with both sides agreeing to adopt a common policy.; Zoos fulfil an important function in the protection of rare species.; In some of the villages the exterior walls of the houses are painted pink.; He told the extraordinary story of his escape.; He analyzed the various factors.; It took the firefighters several hours to extinguish the flames.; Fur coat have gone out of fashion.; He enjoyed the fellowship of other actors in the company.; The exploration for new sources of energy is vital for the future of our planet.; They are going to hold an international exposition.; The extinction of the dinosaurs occurred millions of years ago.; I love the familiarity of my old chair.; We appreciate your flexibility in dealing with this matter.; You'll have to sign the visitors' book, but it's just a formality.; 新的坡道將可方便輪椅進入。; 我曬黑的膚色已經開始變淺了。; 他被控持有假護照。; 早安是慣用的招呼語。; 我不熟悉西洋棋的規則。; 他們竊竊交談了一段時間。; 旅鴿已絕種。; 壞電影會對孩子產生衝擊是顯而易見的。; 所有的番茄植株都染上了一種病毒。; 他是個卓越的作家。; 我最初的說法被媒體徹底歪曲了。; 不要讓她在學習上分心。; 如果還需要其他的幫助，儘管打電話給我。; 他很少坐計程車，他認為這是一種奢侈的行為。; 他們採取極端的手段節約燃料。; 他們是忠實的擁護者。; 這是一次富有成果的討論，雙方一致採用共同的政策。; 動物園起著保護珍稀動物的重要功能。; 在一些村子裡，房屋外牆被漆成粉紅色。; 他講述了他非凡的逃亡經歷。; 他分析了各種因素。; 消防隊員花了幾個小時才將烈火撲滅。; 皮草大衣已經過時了。; 他和劇團裡其他演員的交情不錯。; 探測新能源對我們地球的未來極為重要。; 他們打算召開一次國際博覽會。; 恐龍在幾百萬年前已經滅絕。; 我喜歡我的舊椅子給我的那種熟悉感。; 我們感謝您處理這件事的靈活性。; 你得在訪客簿上簽名，不過這只是例行公事而已。
