She left her entire estate to her niece.; My estimate of the situation is not so optimistic.; Don't evaluate people by their clothes.; Will you two never stop your eternal arguing!; It might take him ages, but he'll do it eventually.; He was exalted to the position of president.; Mr. Jones thought my history essay was terrific.; There was a little hay left.; Please lay the baby on the bed.; The continental masses are being eroded.; Don't sign any contract.; How dare you contradict me!; When the rain came down the crowds started to disperse.; The building of a new dam will displace thousands of people who live in this area.; Family photographs were displayed on the wall.; Her love for him was evident in all that she did.; You seemed a bit hesitant about recommending that restaurant.; Recent developments in the area have brought latent ethnic tension out into the open.; I'll meet you at the down escalator.; People on the tour will be escorted by an expert on archaeology.; French cheeses are exported to many different countries.; It would be no exaggeration to say that her work has saved lives.; There are exceptions for every rule.; The executions will be carried out by a firing squad.; Yoga is said to restore one's inner equilibrium.; Groups of gymnasts are having their physical training in the gymnasium.; You don't want lumps in the sauce.; Did humans evolve from apes?; The women wore black veils that covered all but their eyes.; This issue looks likely to continue to vex the government.; 她把所有的遺産都留給了自己的姪女。; 我對形勢的估計不那麼樂觀。; 不要根據衣著來評價人。; 你們倆永遠也爭吵不完！; 這或許會花去他很長時間，但最終他會成功的。; 他被提拔當了總裁。; 瓊斯先生認為我的歷史作業短文寫得好極了。; 只剩下一點乾草了。; 請把嬰兒放在了床上。; 大陸板塊正在被侵蝕。; 不要簽定任何合約。; 你怎麽敢頂撞我！; 雨下來時人群開始四處散開。; 建造新水壩將迫使居住在這一地區的數千人遷往別處。; 牆上展示著家人的照片。; 她所做的一切都清楚地表明她愛他。; 你似乎不是很願意推薦那家餐廳。; 近來該地區的一些新情況導致民族之間潛在的緊張關係公開化了。; 我會在下面的手扶梯旁跟你碰面。; 遊客們將由一位考古學專家陪同前行。; 法國的起司出口到很多國家。; 她的工作挽救了很多生命，這樣說一點也不誇張。; 每條規則都有例外。; 將由行刑隊來執行槍決。; 據說練瑜伽可以使人恢復內心的平靜。; 幾組體操運動員正在體育館裡進行體育鍛鍊。; 誰都不希望調料汁中出現結塊。; 人類是由猿進化而來的嗎？; 那些女人戴著黑色面紗，把除眼睛之外的所有地方都遮住了。; 這件事看來會繼續使政府惱火。
