His latest novel is selling really well.; Draw a pair of parallel lines.; The new director is likely to make major changes in personnel.; I'm afraid your driving license is invalid in Eastern Europe.; A contract is invalidated if only one party signs it.; Their generosity was in inverse proportion to their income.; Thanks, nevertheless.; He was found guilty of reckless driving.; This job is open to all, regardless of previous experience.; The newspapers are notably biased.; Occasionally I'll have a piece of chocolate, but it's very rare.; The drug paralyses the nerves so that there is no feeling or movement in the legs.; It was a thorough waste of time.; He has a thoughtful approach to his work.; People throughout the country are out of work.; I have only a vague notion of what she does for a living.; You have a legal obligation to ensure your child receives an education.; There's some kind of obstruction on the railway tracks.; The novelty of these toys soon wore off and the children became bored with them.; He goes fishing at every opportunity.; We were impressed by the originality of the children's work.; I gazed at her in mute admiration.; His answers were obscure and confusing.; Would it be opportune to discuss the contract now?; These councils would form the nucleus of a future regime.; The radius of this wheel is thirty centimeters.; Viruses may be present in tap water.; Government troops have overwhelmed the rebels and seized control of the capital.; She felt an overwhelming desire to tell someone about what had happened.; She considers teaching a worthwhile career.; 他的最新小說非常暢銷。; 畫兩條平行線。; 新主管可能會在人事上做出大變動。; 恐怕你的駕駛執照在東歐無效。; 如果只有一方簽字，契約即無效。; 他們的慷慨程度與他們的收入水準成反比。; 儘管如此，還是多謝了。; 他被判魯莽駕駛罪名成立。; 這份工作任何人都可以應聘，不管其以前的工作經歷如何。; 報紙顯然有所偏袒。; 我偶爾會吃塊巧克力，不過這種時候極少。; 這種藥物會麻痺神經，使腿部失去知覺或不能活動。; 這完全是浪費時間。; 他工作很細心周到。; 全國各地的人們都失去了工作。; 我不太清楚她靠甚麼謀生。; 法律規定你有義務確保自己的孩子接受教育。; 鐵軌上有障礙物。; 孩子們對這些玩具的新鮮感很快就消失了，開始厭倦起來。; 他一有機會就去釣魚。; 孩子們作品的獨創性給我們留下了深刻的印象。; 我默默地凝視著她，心生愛慕之情。; 他的回答模糊不清，令人費解。; 現在討論這項合約合適嗎？; 這些委員會將成為一個未來政權的核心。; 這個輪子的半徑是三十公分。; 病毒可以存在自來水中。; 政府軍已擊敗了叛亂者，控制了首都。; 她感到有一種抑制不住的慾望想告訴別人所發生的事情。; 她把教書看成是一項值得從事的事業。
