A car engine needs to be well lubricated with oil.; Throughout her career she has very successfully manipulated the media.; We've been mates since our school days.; You will need to show more than just a literal understanding of the text.; She's very loyal to her friends.; Work done by machines has replaced manual labor.; This valley was lumbered hard during the past decade.; Millers and bakers sought low grain prices.; He sold his company to become Minister of Agriculture.; Although our skin looks smooth, when magnified it is full of bumps and holes.; The proposals were unpopular and were only accepted in a modified form.; Has everyone been notified of the decision?; Insert the key into the lock.; According to insiders, the committee is having difficulty making up its mind.; The difference between the two results was insignificant.; Dark storm clouds loomed on the horizon.; Wind the wire in loops and put it away in the toolshed.; There were some loose wires hanging out of the wall.; I won the lottery.; I like to buy myself little luxuries from time to time.; That tune really brings back memories.; Hands and feet are locomotive organs; Does he have a motive for lying about where he was?; She's a native Californian.; He is a man of lofty ideals.; To what do you attribute your longevity?; This music has majesty, power, and passion.; The line of zero degree longitude passes through Greenwich.; They don't seem to grasp the magnitude of the problem.; The full computer program is made up of several modules.; 汽車引擎需要用油充分潤滑。; 她在整個職業生涯中非常成功地控制了媒體。; 我們從學生時代起就是朋友。; 你需要顯示自己對文本的理解沒有僅僅停留在字面含義上。; 她對朋友非常忠誠。; 機器生產已經代替了手工勞動。; 在過去十年裡，這個山谷的林木被大肆採伐。; 磨粉廠主和麵包師傅尋求低廉的穀物價格。; 他為了當農業部長把公司賣了。; 我們的皮膚看上去很光滑，但放大後卻滿是坑坑窪窪。; 這些建議不受歡迎，修改之後才得以接受。; 這決定已經通知每一個人了嗎？; 將鎖匙插入鎖中。; 據知情人士宣稱，委員會很難作出決定。; 兩個結果之間的差別無足輕重。; 天邊隱約出現了一團團的烏雲。; 把鐵絲繞成圈圈，放到工具棚裡。; 牆上搭著幾根沒有接好的電線。; 我中樂透啦。; 我喜歡時不時地給自己買些小小的奢侈品。; 那首樂曲真的使我想起往事。; 手和腳是運動器官。; 他有必要隱瞞自己去過哪裡嗎？; 她是土生土長的加州人。; 他是一個有崇高理想的人。; 你的長壽歸功於哪些因素？; 這首樂曲富有氣勢、力量和激情。; 經度零度線穿過格林威治。; 他們似乎沒有領會到問題的重要性。; 電腦的整個程式由幾個模組組成。
