Maybe she gets drunk to obliterate painful memories.; The game is thought to have originated among the native peoples of Alaska.; I had to walk very fast to overtake you.; Keep your files in numerical order.; The original price of the car was a bit too high.; The handles on each side of the box are purely ornamental.; I am obedient to my parents.; I hope I haven't offended you.; Many people believe that a broken mirror is an omen of bad luck.; All my hard work was nullified when I lost my notes.; Plants help to purify the air.; He testified that he had seen the man leaving the building around the time of the murder.; Don't involve me in your quarrel!; We arrived in fine style in a hired limousine.; We asked the superintendent to fix the broken window in our apartment.; Her objection against the plan is based on incorrect facts.; Her latest project is a film.; The film is run through a projector.; These covers are one hundred percent nylon.; What's your opinion about the matter?; The government has brutally crushed the rebellion.; What is the perimeter of this oblong?; We were having such a good time that we decided to prolong our stay by another week.; A huge throng had gathered around the speaker.; He has a numerous collection of stamps.; It's obvious she doesn't like him.; There was an ominous silence when I asked whether my contract was going to be renewed.; They have two nurseries in their house.; We've decided to change the design based on our preliminary findings.; It is my primary concern.; 也許她喝醉酒是為了忘卻痛苦的往事。; 據認為，這項運動起源於阿拉斯加的土著人。; 為了趕上你，我不得不走得很快。; 把你的文件按照數字順序排列。; 這輛汽車的原價太高了一點。; 盒子兩邊的把手純粹是裝飾用的。; 我對爸母言聽計從。; 我希望我未冒犯您。; 許多人相信打碎鏡子是噩運之兆。; 由於遺失了筆記，我所有的辛苦心血都化為烏有。; 植物有助於淨化空氣。; 他作證說自己看到那人在謀殺案案發前後離開了大樓。; 不要把我牽扯進你們的爭吵中！; 我們很氣派地乘坐出租的豪華汽車到達那里。; 我們請管理員把我們公寓破碎的玻璃窗修一下。; 她對這項計劃的反對基於錯誤的數據。; 她最新的企劃是一部影片。; 影片通過投影機放映。; 這些套子是百分之百尼龍的。; 你對這件事有甚麼看法？; 政府殘酷鎮壓了叛亂。; 這個矩形的周長是多少？; 我們過得非常愉快，決定再多待一個星期。; 講者周圍聚集了一大群人。; 他收藏著許多郵票。; 顯然她不喜歡他。; 當我詢問我會否獲得續約時，回答我的是不祥的沉默。; 他們家裡有兩間育兒室。; 我們決定依據初步調查的結果對設計方案進行更改。; 這是我最關心的事。
