Information on the subject is easily obtainable on the internet.; The coast has pebble beaches.; I bought my son a portable typewriter.; The worker was praised for his observance of the rules.; An eclipse is an unusual occurrence.; Driving without a license is an offence.; I didn't offer them any food.; I've never been a huge fan of opera.; Eventually she managed to overcome her shyness in class.; The institute will invest five million in the project.; First apply shampoo to hair and then rinse thoroughly.; Put your dishes in the sink.; He easily defeated his opponent.; If you don't patent your invention, other people may make all the profit out of it.; Our office is in a permanent state of chaos.; The new tax program met with fierce opposition.; A kaleidoscope is an optical toy.; A mixture of selected funds is an optimal choice for future security and return on investment.; The extra cost of travelling to work is offset by the lower price of houses here.; The new treatment can delay the onset of the disease by several years.; I told him at the outset I wasn't interested.; He has the occasional cigar after dinner.; There are some serious errors and omissions in the book.; They sang with great passion.; He is a bus driver by occupation.; The best option is to cancel the trip.; We employ people without regard to their political or sexual orientation.; Inside the room there was the unmistakable odour of sweaty feet.; News of the arrest perturbed her greatly.; This has been a turbulent week for the administration.; 有關這門學科的資訊從網際網路上很容易就能獲取。; 這海岸有幾處小卵石海灘。; 我給兒子買了一臺手提式打字機。; 這個工人因為嚴格遵守規則而受到了表揚。; 蝕是不常見的事情。; 無照駕駛是違法行為。; 我沒有給他們提供任何食物。; 我對歌劇一向不是很著迷。; 她終於克服了上課時的羞怯。; 該機構將在這個專案上投資五百萬。; 先把洗髮劑塗抹在頭髮上，然後沖洗乾淨。; 把你的盤子放在水槽。; 他輕易地打敗他的對手。; 如果你不為你的發明申請專利權，其他人就會從中圖利。; 我們的辦公室永遠都是一團糟。; 新的徵稅計畫遭到強烈反對。; 萬花筒是一種光學玩具。; 同時選擇幾種基金是確保未來投資安全和投資收益的最佳選擇。; 這裡低廉的房價抵消了因上班路途遠而產生的額外費用。; 新的治療方法可以把疾病發作的時間延後幾年。; 我從一開始就告訴他我沒興趣。; 他飯後偶爾抽支雪茄。; 這本書裡有幾處嚴重的的錯誤和疏漏。; 他們滿懷熱情地歌唱。; 他的職業是公車司機。; 最好的選擇是取消這趟旅行。; 我們聘請員工時並不考慮其政治或性取向。; 房間裡有一股明顯的臭腳汗味。; 逮捕的消息使她心緒不寧。; 對政府來講，這是動盪多事的一周。
