It is not practicable to complete the tunnel before the end of the year.; Surely a diplomatic solution is preferable to war.; Let's go rambling tomorrow.; During the sermon, he preached about the need for forgiveness.; She gave him a punch on the nose.; Tickets must be purchased two weeks in advance.; The paintings are a development of ideas she explored in the preceding decade.; Preparations for the festival are now proceeding smoothly.; They are the most promising new band of the year.; She blamed me for practically every mistake in the report.; The commander rallied his tired soldiers and they fought off the enemy at last.; We rarely see each other now.; There are one hundred pence in a pound.; There was a note of profound irritation in his voice.; The moon goes round the earth.; Have you plumbed the dishwasher in yet?; If it still leaks, call a plumber.; Fishermen in small boats ply their trade up and down the coast.; He preceded me as Chairman of the Department.; The drug is often prescribed for ulcers.; The product will have to meet internationally prescribed standards.; Great precision is required to align the mirrors accurately.; The festival will open with a procession led by the mayor.; He's a doctor by profession.; They failed to take the necessary precautions to avoid infection.; My optimistic predictions came true.; The speaker gave an interesting presentation on urban transport.; Two million people in the city live in abject poverty.; My top priority is to find somewhere to live.; Studies show that if a working environment is pleasant, productivity increases.; 年底前這個隧道不可能竣工。; 外交途徑當然要比戰爭好。; 我們明天去鄉間散步好不好？; 在佈道中，他宣講了寬恕的必要性。; 她朝著他的鼻子打了一拳。; 門票必須提前兩週購買。; 這些畫是她過去十年以來探索思想的成果。; 藝術節的準備活動正在順利進行中。; 他們是今年年度最有前途的新進樂團。; 她幾乎把報告裡所有的錯誤都怪在我頭上。; 指揮官重整疲憊不堪的士兵，最後他們終於擊退敵人。; 我們現在很少見面。; 一英鎊等於一百便士。; 他的語氣中帶有強烈惱怒。; 月球圍繞地球轉。; 你給洗碗機接上水管了嗎？; 如果它還漏，就叫水管工來修理。; 漁民們駕著小船沿著海岸兜售海鮮。; 他在我之前擔任該系主任。; 這種藥通常是開來治療潰瘍的。; 該產品必須符合國際規定的標準。; 校準反光鏡需要極高的精確性。; 藝術節將由市長帶領的一支隊伍揭開序幕。; 他的職業是醫生。; 他們未能採取必要的預防措施來避免感染。; 我的樂觀的預言成了現實。; 演講者針對城市交通發表了有趣的談話。; 這個城市有兩百萬人生活在赤貧中。; 我首先要考慮的是找個地方住。; 研究顯示如果工作環境舒適，生產效率會提高。
