I had a long, hot bath to soothe my aching muscles.; Where do these spoons belong?; The doorway was so low that we had to stoop to go through it.; We both like the same sort of music.; I enjoy winter sports.; He was busy, therefore he couldn't come.; Please revert by email.; The dictionary has been revised.; Recently, there has been some revival of ancient music.; You can't have good acting without a decent script.; The maid is responsible for scrubbing the kitchen floors.; She is a famous sculptor.; He was elected sheriff of the county.; The police held up their riot shields against the flying rocks and bricks.; She shifted uneasily from one foot to the other.; These children came from a slum area.; I fell into a gentle slumber.; Car sales have slumped dramatically over the past year.; There's no easy solution to this problem.; Her sophistication is evident from the way she dresses.; All products are made exactly to the customer's specifications.; Talks are being held about who should have sovereignty over the island.; Political stability is essential to economic prosperity.; Overnight my boss seems to have turned into a tyrant.; After months of solitude at sea it felt strange to be in company.; The Union's statutes forbade them from holding high office.; Many conquered nations had to pay tribute to the rulers of ancient Rome.; She's somewhat more confident than she used to be.; I read it whilst you were drying your hair.; The retailers purchased cargos from the wholesalers.; 我洗了個熱水澡，泡了很長時間以紓緩肌肉的疼痛。; 這些湯匙該放哪裡？; 門道太低，我們不得不彎下腰進去。; 我們倆喜歡同一類音樂。; 我喜歡冬季運動。; 他忙得很，因此沒有來。; 請通過電子郵件回覆。; 這部字典被修訂過。; 近來，在一定程度上，古代音樂又重新流行起來。; 沒有像樣的劇本是不可能有好的表演的。; 這位女佣負責擦洗廚房的地板。; 她是位有名的雕刻家。; 他被選為縣警長。; 員警舉著防暴盾牌阻擋飛來的石頭和磚塊。; 她不安地把身體的重心由一隻腳轉移到另一隻腳。; 這些孩子來自貧民窟區。; 我甜甜地睡去。; 過去一年汽車的銷售額大幅下降。; 這個問題沒有容易的解決辦法。; 從衣著打扮明顯可以看出她精明老練。; 所有産品完全按照客戶的具體要求製造。; 關於該島主權歸屬問題的會談正在進行。; 政治穩定對經濟繁榮是必要的。; 我的老闆似乎一夜之間變成了一個暴君。; 在海上獨居了幾個月之後，對有人陪伴感到有些不適應。; 工會章程禁止他們擔任高級公職。; 許多被征服的國家要向古羅馬的統治者納貢。; 她比過去自信了一些。; 在你吹亁頭髮的時候，我讀了它。; 零售商從批發商處購買貨物。
