We must get rid of these pestilential flies.; Ghosts and evil spirits are supernatural.; A kite is a quadrilateral with one line of symmetry.; Autism is a heritable neurological disorder.; The problem with some of these drugs is that they are so very accessible.; What's the best affordable restaurant in Paris?; The room has a nice cozy feel.; They seem to have no coherent plan for saving the company.; The chair collapsed under her weight.; He is as strong as oxen.; As the day goes on, the pollen dries up and becomes hard.; She began to summarize the salient features of the proposal.; You have to go through an initiation rite before you become a full member.; She keeps all her important papers in a fireproof safe.; The train service was disorganized by fog.; He looks good in the trilby.; My mother takes three or four pills a day.; They are crystals of silica.; Peter's most impressive quality was his innate goodness.; It is part of a teacher's job to instil confidence into his or her students.; They soon became fully integrated into the local community.; I saw her in a towering rage only once.; She was a surpassingly beautiful woman.; The region had been protected by its forbidding geography; The oak was two meters in girth.; He was a familiar figure on the lecture circuit.; His letter confirmed everything.; He wanted to escape from the provincialism of the small university where he taught.; Their claim is being treated with some skepticism in UN.; Religious symbolism is very characteristic of the paintings of this period.; 我們得把這些可惡的蒼蠅消滅掉。; 幽靈和魔鬼都是超自然的。; 風箏是個有一條對稱線的四邊形。; 自閉症是一種可遺傳的神經系統疾病。; 此類毒品的問題在於當中一些很容易獲取。; 巴黎最好的大眾餐廳是哪間？; 這房間給人非常溫暖舒適的感覺。; 他們似乎沒有一個協調一致的挽救公司的計畫。; 椅子承受不了她的重量而倒榻了。; 他健壯得如牛一樣。; 日子一天天過去，花粉乾結成了硬塊。; 她開始總結提議中顯著的要點。; 你得完成入會儀式才能成為正式會員。; 她把所有重要的文件都保存在一個防火的保險箱裡。; 火車交通因霧無法正常運作。; 他帶那個軟氈帽很好看。; 我媽媽每天吃三至四顆藥。; 它們是矽石晶體。; 彼得給人印象最深的品質是他天生的善良。; 教師的部分職責是逐漸培養學生的信心。; 他們很快就完全融入了當地人的圈子。; 我只有一次見過她大發雷霆。; 她是個漂亮出眾的女人。; 這個地區令人生畏的地理條件使它受到保護。; 這棵橡樹圍長兩公尺。; 他是巡迴講學中的座上常客。; 他的信證實了一切。; 他所執教是一所規模很小的大學，他想擺脫存在於其中的地方主義桎梏。; 聯合國方面對他們的要求持某種懷疑態度。; 宗教象徵手法是這個時期繪畫的重要特徵。
