Please donate generously.; The documents had been duplicated.; They elaborated a plan of study.; Two loads of cloth were dispatched to the factory.; Did you know that Sarah ditched her boyfriend last week?; Thick carpet would reduce the echo in this hallway.; He tried to console her, but she kept saying it was all her own fault.; She hoped that marriage would consolidate their relationship.; There are many consonants in the alphabet.; Eye color is genetically determined.; You'd be wise to make a detour to avoid the roadworks.; The recent pattern of weather deviates from the norm for this time of year.; I felt dizzy with excitement.; To pull one's leg is an idiom.; Some idiot left the tap running in the bathroom and there's water everywhere.; It would be a disaster for me if I lost my job.; The dog's name was engraved on a little metal disc attached to its collar.; They were discarding something useful.; Our flight had to be diverted to Hong Kong because of the storm.; When did you first encounter these difficulties?; We hired a magician to entertain the children.; Some fans seem to regard the players as divine beings.; Don't dramatize your problems.; A lot of companies are trying to economize by not taking on new staff.; The thieves quarreled about the division of their stolen goods.; Environmental groups want a substantial reduction in the emission of greenhouse gases.; The survey reveals a gradual erosion of the president's popularity and support.; Existing distortions in wage differentials will be magnified.; I can turn the television off if you find it a distraction.; Passengers without the correct documentation will not be allowed to travel.; 請您慷慨解囊。; 這些文件已經被複印過了。; 他們仔細制訂了學習計畫。; 兩車布料被發到工廠。; 你知道莎拉上個星期甩了她男朋友嗎？; 厚地毯會減弱走廊中的回音。; 他盡力安慰她，可是她不停地說那都是她自己的錯。; 她希望婚姻能鞏固他們的關係。; 字母裡面有許多子音。; 眼睛的顏色是由遺傳基因決定的。; 繞開道路施工地點是明智之舉。; 近來的天氣狀況與往年同期相比有些異常。; 我激動得有些眩暈。; 跟某人開玩笑是慣用語。; 哪個白癡忘了關浴室的水龍頭，水流得到處都是。; 對我而言，如果丟了工作那將是一場災難。; 狗的名字刻在項圈上吊著的一塊金屬小圓盤上。; 他們丟掉了某些有用的東西。; 由於暴風雨，我們的班機被迫改在香港機場降落。; 你甚麽時候開始遇到這些困難的？; 我們請了一位魔術師表演節目讓孩子們開心。; 有些球迷似乎把球員神化了。; 別誇大其詞地訴說你的問題了。; 很多公司為了盡可能節省開支，都不再僱用新員工。; 這些賊為分偷來的物品而爭吵。; 環保組織要求確實減少溫室氣體的排放量。; 民意調查顯示了總統聲望和所獲支持的逐漸削弱。; 工資差別上存在的扭曲現象將被加劇。; 如果你覺得電視讓你思想無法集中，我可以關掉。; 沒有相關證件的乘客將不允許旅行。
