Red and white predominate in these flowers.; The celebration of the centenary will culminate with a dinner.; The study pointed out that over twenty million adult Americans are semiliterate.; His sculptural arts flew his own colors.; The national interest is more important than any sectional or personal interests.; He attends school sporadically.; This aria is soft and melodious.; Small armored forces had reconnoitered the area.; A caterpillar is the larva of a butterfly.; Her mistakes looked easily reparable.; Her death is an irreparable loss to the firm.; The factory is no longer economically viable.; It is a misconception that Peggy was fabulously wealthy.; There is already a high level of environmental contamination.; Jack's elders disliked him because he was such a flagrant nonconformist.; The earth's magnetosphere is at once protective and dangerous.; She has a lovely serene face.; This is a school for children with severe learning difficulties.; Water is dripping from that leaky faucet.; It is a weaverbird.; It was pleasing to know that the presentation had gone so well.; The hem on her skirt needs sewing.; You can see many remnants of the Roman civilization in Italy.; The offer of free credit tempted her into buying a new car.; I did a bit of fencing while I was at college.; My son put on a suspender pants.; All parts are machined from top grade, high tensile aluminium.; He is revered for his brave fight against apartheid.; Today this company is one of the world's largest diversified chemical companies.; It is a very good synthesizer.; 這些花中大部分是紅色和白色的。; 百年慶典活動將在宴會中宣告結束。; 該項研究指出，超過兩千萬的美國成年人是半文盲。; 他的雕刻技藝獨樹一幟。; 國家利益高於局部或個人利益。; 他上學時斷時續。; 這首獨唱曲流暢而圓潤。; 一小批裝甲部隊已對這一地區進行了偵察。; 毛毛蟲是蝴蝶的幼蟲。; 她所犯的錯誤似乎也不是無可補救。; 她的去世對公司是不可彌補的損失。; 這個工廠在經濟上已經維持不下去了。; 人們誤以為佩姬相當有錢。; 環境汙染的程度已經很高。; 傑克的長輩不喜歡他，因為他這樣公開地違反了他們心目中的生活準則。; 地球的磁層既具有保護的功能，卻又極其危險。; 她長著一張可愛而安詳的臉。; 這是一所爲有嚴重學習障礙的孩子設立的學校。; 水正從有漏洞的水龍頭滴下来。; 它是隻織巢鳥。; 得知報告進行得如此順利，真令人欣慰。; 她裙子上的褶邊需要縫一縫。; 在義大利，你可以看到許多羅馬文明的遺跡。; 免費贈送汽車音響讓她禁不住誘惑買了一輛新車。; 我在大學時偶爾玩玩擊劍。; 我兒子穿上一件吊帶褲。; 所有零件都是用頂級高延展性的鋁加工而成。; 他與種族隔離制度進行了無畏鬥爭，贏得了世人的崇敬。; 今天這個工廠已成為世界最大的多樣化的化學公司之一。; 這是一個很好的合成器。
