The owners intend to raze the hotel and erect an office building.; Refrigerate any leftovers.; They segregate you from the rest of the community.; The company will continue to increase rentable area.; The bomb reduced the house to rubble.; They have been herding cattle on the tableland for generations.; This program is a rebroadcast.; This part of the vertebrate brain has two divisions.; The grass was a vibrant green.; Gandhi renounced the use of violence.; A stick of celery does not provide much sustenance.; Despite being a busy city, Dublin has the ambience of a country town.; Residents are given four separate receptacles for their rubbish.; The spectacle of the icicle in the cave is amazing.; One octopus has eight tentacles.; This recipe should be sufficient for five people.; A couple of ravens croaked above our boat.; The volcano spewed molten lava.; He was like a lunatic reigning in a madhouse over an imaginary kingdom.; Her rendering of the song was delightful.; In the wind, the three oaks appeared staggering on the slope.; The most important step is to reorient the direction of the new building.; Very little forest is left unexplored nowadays.; A horde of children ran over the office building.; I heard the raucous call of the crows.; Growing boys have ravenous appetites.; Wind surfing can be strenuous but immensely exciting.; A lot of money are spent by retailers on advertising.; The people revolted against foreign rule and established their own government.; The mountain air will rejuvenate you.; 業主打算夷平酒店並建立一座辦公大樓。; 把剩菜都冰起來。; 他們把你與社團的其他成員隔離開。; 公司將持續增長可出租面積。; 炸彈把這座房屋炸成了一堆瓦礫。; 他們世世代代在這高原上放牧。; 這節目是重播。; 脊椎動物腦子的這一部分可分為兩部分。; 草地綠意盎然。; 甘地聲明放棄使用暴力。; 一把芹菜提供不了多少營養。; 儘管都柏林是一個繁忙的城市，但頗有鄉村城鎮的情調。; 每家每戶都發了四個不同的容器來存放垃圾。; 這個洞穴裡的冰柱讓人歎為觀止。; 一條章魚有八根觸角。; 這份食譜應該足夠五個人吃。; 兩只渡鴉在我們小船的上空嘎嘎叫著。; 火山噴出了熔岩。; 他好似一個在瘋人院裡統治著一個想象王國的精神病人。; 她對這首歌曲的演繹歡快怡人。; 在風中，坡上的三棵橡樹像是搖晃欲倒似的。; 最重要的一個步驟是給這座新建築物重定方向。; 如今，未被勘查的森林是少之又少了。; 一大群孩子在辦公大樓裏到處奔跑。; 我聽到那些烏鴉刺耳的叫聲。; 正在長大的男孩子飯量很大。; 風帆衝浪可能緊張吃力，但卻非常刺激。; 零售商花許多錢登廣告。; 人們奮起反抗外來統治，並成立了自己的政府。; 山裡的空氣會使你恢復活力。
