What are the basic constituents of the mixture?; A committee was constituted to investigate into that affair.; The written constitution of the United States was adopted.; The police have disclosed that two officers are under internal investigation.; You may feel a little discomfort for a few days after the operation.; They offer a ten percent discount.; She gave me a beautiful drawing of a horse.; I'm dreading having to meet his parents.; The food was bad and the service was dreadful.; You can grow dwarf conifers in pots on the patio.; Both city and town dweller should pay tax.; There is an estimated shortfall of some five million dwellings across the country.; These pills should ease the pain.; We prepared a feast for the wedding.; She performed remarkable feats of organization for the company.; He knew he had been wrong, and duly apologized.; He was clever, handsome, and exceedingly rich.; This offer is available exclusively to our established customers.; The town was destroyed by the earthquake.; I just can't work up any enthusiasm for the whole project.; She has no faith in modern medicine.; I'd like to make a small donation in my mother's name.; He planned a stay of two years' duration.; She collects first editions of nineteenth century authors.; My mother is something of an eccentric.; Each electron bears a single negative charge.; We would spend every meal time entreating the child to eat her vegetables.; Her eccentricities get stranger by the day.; As the skin grows older it loses its elasticity.; She had no cooking facilities in the room.; 這種混合物的基本成分是甚麽？; 制定一個委員會是為了調查那件事。; 美國的成文憲法被通過了。; 警方公佈說有兩名員警正在接受內部調查。; 在手術後的幾天裡你可能會感到有些不適。; 他們提供九折折扣。; 她送了我一幅很漂亮的畫，上面畫著一匹馬。; 因為不得不見他的父母，我很害怕。; 食物很差勁，服務也很糟糕。; 你可以在陽臺上種些矮小的針葉樹盆栽。; 城鎮居民都需要納稅。; 據估計全國缺少約五百萬套房屋。; 這些藥丸能緩解疼痛。; 我們為婚禮準備了盛宴。; 她為公司所做的組織工作成績斐然。; 他知道自己弄錯了，於是便道了歉。; 他聰明、英俊，且非常富有。; 只有本店的老客戶才能享受這個優惠價。; 整座城鎮被地震毀滅了。; 我就是對整個企劃案提不起一點熱情。; 她對現代醫學沒有信心。; 我想以母親的名義捐獻一點。; 他計劃停留兩年。; 她收藏十九世紀作家著作的初版。; 我媽媽有點古怪。; 每一個電子都帶有一個負電荷。; 每次吃飯我們都要費盡功夫哄這孩子吃蔬菜。; 她的那些古怪行為日益變本加厲。; 隨著皮膚老化，彈性會慢慢喪失。; 她房間裡沒有燒煮設備。
