The two opposing armies faced each other across the battlefield.; His very last paintings are perhaps the most puzzling.; Rationing had put an end to a surfeit of biscuits long ago.; I would speed the vast career of civilising lore.; Her orbital speed must be a few hundred meters per second.; The orchid is a class of plant which I have never tried to grow.; The stock market's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors.; I have been scrupulous about telling them the dangers.; You sanctimonious little hypocrite!; The film is a potted history of the band.; The latest opinion poll puts the Democrats in the lead.; She made a large pot of chicken soup.; This is a vast, exciting and some say quixotic project.; Take time to acquaint yourself with the rules.; I am not personally acquainted with the gentleman in question.; The sensory system may undergo long-term adaptation in alien environments.; This island is maintained as a sanctuary for endangered species.; There was a tributary road near the end of the village.; Maple sugar is made from the sap of maple trees.; Saliva dribbled from the baby's mouth.; They debarred him from the sacrament.; I would like to buy some videocassette tapes.; They stopped work at sunset.; It still upsets him when he thinks about the accident.; He had an aversion to getting up early.; He is in a highly impressionable state.; In spite of the extremity of her seclusion she was sane.; We are unable to subsist without air and water.; They live in a symbiosis with governments that they are financing.; The story had its genesis in a conversation the author had with his mother.; 敵對兩軍在戰場上嚴陣對峙。; 他去世前的最後一批畫作也許是最讓人困惑的。; 定量配給很久以前就結束了餅乾過剩的狀況。; 我要盡快地充實浩瀚的知識寶庫。; 其軌道速度一定是在每秒幾百米。; 蘭花這類植物我從來沒種過。; 股票市場的猛跌嚇壞了國外投資者。; 我已經本著良心將危險性告知他們。; 你這個道貌岸然的偽君子！; 影片是該樂隊曆史的濃縮。; 最新的一項民意調查顯示民主黨領先。; 她熬了一大鍋雞湯。; 這是一個宏大而激動人心的，甚至有人認為是異想天開的專案。; 花點時間熟悉一下規則。; 我本人和所說的這位先生並不相識。; 感知系統對陌生的環境可能經過長時期才能適應。; 那個島繼續作為瀕危物種的保護區。; 村的盡頭有條岔道。; 楓糖是由楓樹的樹液製成的。; 唾液從嬰兒的嘴裏流了出來。; 他們阻止他參加聖禮。; 我想買一些錄影帶。; 他們日落而息。; 一想起那次事故他仍很惱火。; 他十分討厭早起。; 他正處於極易受影響的狀態。; 儘管完全與世隔絕，她依然心智健全。; 沒有空氣和水我們就活不下去。; 他們與他們服務的政府互利共存。; 故事以作者與母親的一段對話開始。
