The relationship between plant and pollinator is a mutualistic one.; The counselor gave us some disinterested advice.; The number of our depositor is growing every day.; The women have lustrous cascades of black hair.; Her room was painted in meretricious technicolour.; Raw spinach is especially nutritious.; Let me have a look at your larynx.; The masonry of the old building began to crumble.; It is obligatory on every citizen to safeguard our great motherland.; Her steadfast belief never left her for one moment.; It was all a publicity stunt.; The houses are built on stilts to protect them from the annual floods.; Use ice to reduce the swelling.; Their company is in a financial swamp.; It is swampy ground.; The pathogen was almost instantly detected by automated systems.; Diplomacy will smooth your pathway to success.; Symptoms include tiredness, paleness, and lethargy.; Smoking triggers off cell proliferation.; It is gravitation that causes the apple to fall.; Sometimes this takes the form of a reinterpretation of events.; Substantive research on the subject needs to be carried out.; The result is a subtractive number.; Parents have the greatest formative effect on their children's behaviour.; Laura's skin has a translucent quality.; The trapper leads a solitary life in the mountains.; People should use snow tires on their vehicles to give them better traction.; The battle had reached a crucial juncture.; He is a member of the upper house of legislature.; Certain truck gasoline tanks can rupture and burn in a collision.; 植物和授粉動物之間的關係是互生關係。; 顧問給了我們一些無私的忠告。; 我行存款人的數量每天都在增長。; 那些女子擁有瀑布般烏黑亮澤的秀髮。; 她的房間刷著俗豔的顏色。; 生菠菜營養價值尤其高。; 讓我看看你的咽喉。; 舊樓房的磚石結構開始崩落。; 保衛我們偉大的祖國是每一個公民應盡的義務。; 她堅定的信仰從未動搖過。; 這完全是個宣傳噱頭。; 房子建在支柱上，以免遭受一年一度的洪水侵襲。; 用冰敷消腫。; 他們的公司陷入了財政困境。; 這是濕軟的地。; 病原體幾乎立刻就被自動係統檢測到了。; 為人圓通會讓你成功的道路通暢無阻。; 症狀包括疲倦、臉色蒼白、沒有精神。; 吸煙會引起細胞增生。; 是地心吸引力使蘋果下落。; 樂觀有時需要對事件進行重新解釋。; 需要針對這課題開展實質性的研究。; 結果是負數。; 父母對孩子的行為有最深遠的影響。; 蘿拉的皮膚白皙清透。; 那個設陷阱捕獵的人孤獨地生活在山裏。; 人們應該給車子裝上雪地輪胎以增強輪胎的附著摩擦力。; 戰鬥已到了關鍵時刻。; 他是上議院的成員之一。; 某些卡車的油箱在碰撞時可能發生爆裂並起火。
