The high concentration of sugars forms a syrup when the sap evaporates.; I'm not exaggerating.; She was exasperated to find nobody at home.; She rose to the exalted post of Foreign Secretary.; This cream is for external use only.; Leaves fall from the trees.; An excess of enthusiasm is not always a good thing.; Firefighters had to retreat from the fierce heat.; You need to speak to someone in the finance department.; Women are still excluded from the club.; They are planning a new nuclear power plant.; All the countries have proclaimed their loyalty to the alliance.; His views are contrary to mine.; There's a marked contrast between his character and hers.; Her family has contributed five thousand dollars to the fund.; His rudeness when we first met didn't dispose me very kindly to him.; After all the trouble she put me to, I didn't feel disposed to help her.; It is ridiculous to dispute about such things.; They were given food and shelter in exchange for work.; The dense foliage overhead almost blocked out the sun.; A number of forged works of art have been sold as genuine.; She could hardly contain her excitement.; The road was covered with fragments of glass from the shattered window.; This shop sells garments of all kinds.; His exclusion from the tennis club hurt him very much.; We are planning for our next excursion.; Expansion into new areas of research is possible.; Excessive exercise can sometimes cause health problems.; This room is for the exclusive use of guests.; Certain gases are highly explosive.; 當樹汁中的水分蒸發時，糖分就濃縮成糖漿。; 我不是在誇大其詞。; 她因發現沒人在家而生氣。; 她升到了外交部長這個顯赫的位置。; 這種藥膏僅限外用。; 葉子從樹上掉落。; 過分熱情不見得總是件好事。; 消防員面對兇猛的熱浪只好撤退。; 你需要和財務部的人談一談。; 這間俱樂部仍然不讓女性進入。; 他們正在策劃一座新的核電廠。; 所有的國家都顯示了他們對聯盟的忠誠。; 他的看法與我相反。; 他的性格與她形成了鮮明對比。; 她家給這項基金捐了五千美元。; 我們首次會面時他粗暴的態度使我對他沒産生甚麽好感。; 她給我帶來了這麽多的麻煩，我可不願意再幫她了。; 爭論這類事情真是可笑。; 他們幫人工作以換取食宿。; 頭頂上方濃密的枝葉幾乎遮住了陽光。; 一些藝術贋品已被當作真品出售。; 她抑制不住內心的激動。; 馬路上到處是車窗的碎玻璃片。; 這家商店銷售各式各樣的衣服。; 他未被吸收進網球俱樂部，這使他的自尊心大受傷害。; 我們正在為下一次的遠足作準備。; 拓展新的研究領域是可能的。; 過度的運動有時也會導致健康問題。; 這間房是專供客人使用的。; 某些氣體極易爆炸。
