This English textbook is well illustrated.; Jane imitates the cuckoo.; American presidents are always inaugurated in January.; Some of the houses on the hillside are inaccessible to cars.; Maintaining quality is incompatible with increasing output.; It seems incredible that no one foresaw the crisis.; It will be very inconvenient for me to have no car.; It's difficult to reconcile such different points of view.; Aerial reconnaissance of the enemy position showed they were ready to attack.; If you have an idle moment, call me.; Her imagination was kindled by the exciting stories her grandmother told her.; Can you guess the answer to this riddle?; The priest said he was endangering his immortal soul.; I was rather quiet as I didn't feel I had much wisdom to impart on the subject.; Are you imply that I am fat?; I was so incensed by what he was saying I had to walk out.; No one seemed inclined to help.; No one seemed inclined to help.; This work is extremely inadequate.; Shall I inquire about the price of tickets?; How much liquid is there in the bottle?; There was a great inconsistency between what he said and what he did.; She gave me one of those irresistible smiles and I just had to agree.; If the pain persists, consult a doctor.; A cathedral is an impressive building.; My rent is seven hundred dollars a month inclusive of bills.; The students need intensive courses.; There are strict limits on immigration.; Did you gather the implications of her remark?; My own inclination would be to look for another job.; 這本英文教科書有精美的插圖。; 珍模仿布穀鳥的叫聲。; 美國總統總是在一月正式就職。; 山坡上的一些房屋開車上不去。; 保持品質和增加產量是互相對立的。; 令人難以置信的是沒有人預見到危機會發生。; 沒有車對我來說會很不方便。; 差別如此懸殊的觀點是很難達成一致的。; 對敵人陣地進行的空中偵察顯示，敵軍已經做好了進攻的準備。; 如果你有空，給我打電話。; 她祖母給她講述的精彩故事激發了她的想像力。; 你能猜出這個謎嗎？; 神父說他正在危及自己不朽的靈魂。; 我沒怎麼說話，因為我覺得自己在這個問題上談不出甚麼高見。; 你是在暗示我長得胖嗎？; 我被他說的話激怒了，憤然離席。; 似乎沒有人願意幫忙。; 似乎沒有人願意幫忙。; 這工作做得非常糟糕。; 我可以問一下票價嗎？; 這瓶子裡有多少液體？; 他的言行極不一致。; 她對我的那微笑真是令人無法抗拒，我只好同意了。; 如果疼痛持續就去看醫生。; 大教堂是能給人留下深刻印象的建築物。; 我的租金是每月七百美元全包。; 這些學生需要密集的課程。; 移居有著嚴格的限制。; 你猜到她那番話的含意了嗎？; 我個人傾向另外找一份工作。
