The turtle hibernates in a shallow burrow for six months of the year.; He's humiliated her beyond endurance.; Hurricane force winds are expected tonight.; There were no injuries and damage to the building was minimal.; This monumental pillar was built in memory of a great navy victory.; It is a beautiful mural painting.; The ship can carry a cargo of one thousand tons.; This totem pole is carved out of a single tree trunk.; All the furniture in the room had much carving.; It's highly improbable that he will agree.; Maintaining quality is incompatible with increasing output.; These accounts are utterly incomprehensible.; The needle pierces the fabric four times a second.; The tea cups are made of porcelain.; There are several precedents for promoting people who don't have formal qualifications.; He was chopping wood in the yard.; The muddy water has a choppy and irregular surface.; He has a chubby face.; We are looking forward to their visit with eager anticipation.; Martin Luther King was the leader of the civil rights movement.; His birth was coincident with the end of the war.; She stood with her backbone rigid.; He buckled his belt tightly.; A stone hit the window and cracked the glass.; New students may be accommodated in halls of residence.; The two friends were competitors for the class presidency.; If any complications arise, let me know and I'll help.; There has been a concerted campaign against the proposals.; Make your answers clear and concise.; The judge imposed concurrent sentences totaling ten years for the attacks on the girls.; 這種龜每年會在淺地洞裡冬眠六個月。; 他把她羞辱得無地自容。; 預計今晚會有颶風級的強風。; 沒有人受傷，建築物的損壞也極小。; 這根紀念柱是為紀念一場海戰的大勝而建的。; 這是個漂亮的壁畫。; 這船能載一千噸貨物。; 這根圖騰柱是由一整根樹幹雕刻而成的。; 房間裡所有的傢具上都有許多雕刻。; 他很可能不會同意。; 保持品質和增加產量是互相對立的。; 這些帳目根本就看不懂。; 針穿過布料的速度是每秒鐘四次。; 茶杯是瓷製的。; 提拔沒有正式學歷的人是有幾個先例的。; 他在院子裡劈木頭。; 泥水表面波浪滔滔且不規則。; 他有張胖嘟嘟的臉。; 我們殷切地期待著他們來訪。; 馬丁路德金恩是民權運動的領袖。; 他出生的時候剛好的戰爭結束的時候。; 她直挺挺地站著。; 他緊緊地扣上了皮帶。; 石塊擊中窗戶，打裂了玻璃。; 新生可以住在學校宿舍裡。; 那兩位朋友在爭當班長一事上是競爭對手。; 如果發生甚麼麻煩事，告訴我一聲，我會幫忙的。; 人們一致行動反對這些提議。; 回答要言簡意賅。; 法官對其侵害少女的多宗罪行數罪並罰，判處其十年有期徒刑。
