Few people are averse to the idea of a free holiday.; The demonstrators walked along the street, carrying banners and shouting angrily.; It is bitter.; It would be no exaggeration to say that her work has saved lives.; The dense foliage overhead almost blocked out the sun.; I thought you left some garbage.; I'm feeling a little fragile.; Western charities were galvanized by TV pictures of starving people.; You can't generalize about a continent as varied as Europe.; What do you infer from her refusal?; The manager is friendly with his inferiors.; The two groups agreed to hold an informal meeting.; She has an outgoing personality.; Many of the students travel in by bus from outlying areas.; It's an area of outstanding natural beauty.; She's the most popular teacher in school.; David's never been much of a scholar.; We live in an increasingly secular society.; I believed him absolutely.; The train is invariably late.; We enjoyed a leisurely picnic lunch on the lawn.; Melanin is the dark brown pigment of the hair, skin and eyes.; Gasoline is produced by the refinement of petroleum.; Each of these products is aimed at a specific market segment.; I was never a particularly academic child.; My father knows everything about aerodynamics.; It can hit a target with an atomic warhead.; The pioneers settled down in the area in spite of the barrenness of the land.; What is your opinion of the effectiveness of this form for evaluating managers?; I'm trying to improve my fitness by cycling to work.; 幾乎沒有人會反對免費假期這個主意。; 示威者行進在大街上，高舉橫額，憤怒聲討。; 它是苦的。; 她的工作挽救了很多生命，這樣說一點也不誇張。; 頭頂上方濃密的枝葉幾乎遮住了陽光。; 我以為你丟得是垃圾。; 我感覺自己有點虛弱。; 饑民的照片在電視上播出後，西方的慈善組織倍感震驚，馬上行動了起來。; 對於歐洲這様一個異彩紛呈的大陸，你無法一言以蔽之。; 你從她的拒絕中能推斷出甚麼？; 經理對他的部屬很友好。; 兩個集團同意舉行一次非正式會議。; 她性格開朗。; 很多學生乘坐公車從偏遠地區到市區上學。; 這地區自然風景極為優美。; 她是學校裡最受歡迎的老師。; 戴維從來不是一個善於學習的人。; 我們生活在一個日益世俗化的世界裡。; 我絕對相信他。; 火車總是延誤。; 中午我們在草地上悠閒地享用了一頓野餐。; 黑色素是頭髮、皮膚和眼睛中的黑褐色色素。; 汽油是由石油經過提煉生產出來的。; 這些產品都瞄準一個特定的消費族群。; 我從來就不是個特別好學的孩子。; 我爸爸知道所有空氣動力學的知識。; 它能以核彈頭襲擊目標。; 儘管土地荒蕪，開拓者們還是在這一帶定居下來。; 你認為用這個表評價管理者效果如何？; 我每天騎腳踏車上班，想以此來改善健康狀況。
