The house needed extensive alterations when we moved in.; There is an alternation of black and white stripes in that cloth.; Water samples taken from streams were analyzed for contamination by chemicals.; He's just trying to advance his own career.; I felt very ambivalent about leaving home.; There were portraits of his ancestors on the walls of the room.; For dessert there's apple pie or fruit.; Eye color is genetically determined.; The diameter measures twice the radius.; The car went out of control and plunged over the cliff.; The company has gained international prestige.; Healthcare should be a right, not a privilege.; There are usually a lot of grasshoppers in the rice fields.; He fell down and grazed his knee.; The future looks grim.; He drew an analogy between the brain and a vast computer.; Social anthropology is one of the social sciences.; I have an apology to make to you.; They're working overtime to get the job done on time.; The older drugs didn't deal effectively with the malaria parasite.; He was perspiring in his thick woolen suit.; My mother is something of an eccentric.; These clothes are made of imported fabrics.; It's ironic that the weakest student in mathematics was elected class treasurer.; It was rainy this morning, but it brightened up after lunch.; It was an interesting book, full of fascinating insights into human relationships.; Few of us can be unmoved by the plight of the refugees.; My uncle bought the house on an impulse.; He stood up and stretched his limbs.; The country needs more men of his timber.; 我們搬進來的時候，房子已經該大修了。; 那匹布黑白條紋相間。; 對水質樣本進行分析，來測定溪流是否已受到化學品的污染。; 他只是在努力發展自己的事業。; 要離開家了，我心裡喜憂參半。; 房間牆壁上掛著他祖先的畫像。; 甜品有蘋果派和水果可供選擇。; 眼睛的顏色是由遺傳基因決定的。; 直徑是半徑的兩倍。; 轎車失去控制墜下懸崖。; 該公司贏得了國際聲譽。; 醫療健保應該是權利，而非特權。; 稻田裡通常有許多蚱蜢。; 他摔倒時擦傷了膝蓋。; 未來一片渺茫。; 他把大腦比作一台龐大的電腦。; 社會人類學是社會科學之一。; 我必須向你道歉。; 他們加班以準時完成這項工作。; 以前的藥物不能有效對付引起瘧疾的寄生蟲。; 他裹在厚厚羊毛西裝裡的身體直流汗。; 我媽媽有點古怪。; 這些衣服用進口布料製成。; 數學最差的學生竟被選為班級財務幹事，真是諷刺。; 今天早晨下雨，但午飯後天晴了。; 這是一本有趣的書，充滿了對人際關係獨到的見解。; 我們幾乎無一不為難民的困難處境而心有所感。; 我叔叔一時衝動買下了那房子。; 他站起來，伸展一下胳膊和腿。; 國家需要更多有他這種才幹的人。
