They chanted the eulogy of proletarian heroes.; He gave a radiant smile when he heard her news.; We asked a random selection of people what they thought.; You must follow correct procedure at all times.; Going to court to obtain compensation is a long process.; France produces a great deal of wine.; Healthcare should be a right, not a privilege.; He flew into a fit of rage over the smallest mistake.; The houses are sold out within this price range.; I've always been prone to headaches.; I remember the night your father proposed to me.; I've always preferred reading prose to poetry.; The course required no prior knowledge of Spanish.; The model and the prototype are similar.; The revolt was suppressed in a couple of days.; Putting varnish on wood is a way to preserve it.; Who would be the best person to preside over the public enquiry?; They can presumably afford to buy a bigger apartment.; He is a professional journalist.; Of course there's provision in the plan for population increase.; These dates are only provisional.; Getting everyone there on time might prove problematic.; Are you being sarcastic?; Oil prices have remained static for the last few months.; The company had made projections of sales of three thousand aircraft.; Children make up a large proportion of the world's population.; I've put my proposition to the company director for his consideration.; It was a productive and fertile period.; Hotel prices in the major cities are high but not prohibitive.; There has been a qualitative change in the relationship between the public and the government.; 他們歌頌無產階級的英雄人物。; 當他聽到她的消息時，臉上綻放出燦爛的笑容。; 我們隨機挑選一些人，問了他們的想法。; 你必須隨時按照正確的步驟操作。; 起訴要求賠償是一個漫長的過程。; 法國生產大量葡萄酒。; 醫療健保應該是權利，而非特權。; 微不足道的小錯誤就會使他大發雷霆。; 在這個價位範圍之內的房子已售完。; 我總是容易頭痛。; 我還記得你父親向我求婚的那個晚上。; 我一直偏好讀散文而不是詩歌。; 這門課不要求先前學過西班牙語。; 這模型與原型長得很像。; 叛亂在幾天之內就被鎮壓下去了。; 在木料上塗清漆是保護木料的一種方法。; 誰來主持大眾調查最合適呢？; 他們大概買得起一間大一點的公寓。; 他是一位專業的新聞從業人員。; 當然這項計劃裡有應對人口增長的措施。; 這些日期只是暫定的。; 讓每個人都準時到達可能會很難。; 你這是在挖苦嗎？; 過去幾個月裡油價保持穩定。; 該公司已預測銷售三千架飛機。; 孩童佔世界人口的很大一部分。; 我已將我的提議交給公司主管考慮。; 這是個豐收的時期。; 大城市裡的旅館費用昂貴，但還能負擔得起。; 民眾和政府之間的關係有了性質上的改變。
