Plants need certain conditions to propagate.; A single beam of light radiated from the lighthouse.; The item is very rare.; The majority of young professionals in the capital have moved there from provincial towns.; He is fairly punctual.; These people have very radical views.; This young fashion designer is rising to prominence.; He acted with prudence.; Make sure you are given a receipt.; The water was thrashing and churning about under the propellers.; It took her a long time to recover.; The universities constitute a reservoir of expert knowledge.; The prospect of increased prices has already provoked an outcry.; The authorities have revoked their original decision to allow development of this rural area.; Judges wear black robes when they are in court.; The interviewer probed deep into her private life.; Company's profits are down from last year's figures.; I'm not making much progress with my Spanish.; You are Dr. Smith, I presume?; I make no pretense to special knowledge.; I am sure that common sense will prevail in the end.; Aside from corporation, the most common types are proprietorship and partnership.; She published her first novel.; He has relinquished his claim to the throne.; He'd fly into a rage at the slightest provocation.; The brochure will be ready for publication in September.; What are the qualifications for an airline pilot?; This small house is my only property.; We wish your health, happiness, and prosperity.; Her first novel was published last year in a blaze of publicity.; 植物需要一定的條件才能繁殖。; 一束光從燈塔射出。; 這個物件是很稀有的。; 大多數在首都工作的年輕職業人口都來自外省城鎮。; 他通常非常準時。; 這些人觀點很偏激。; 這位年輕的時裝設計師的聲望越來越高。; 他謹慎行事。; 記得要拿收據喔。; 水在螺旋槳下面打旋、翻滾。; 她花了很長時間才讓身體復原。; 大學是專業知識的寶庫。; 物價上漲的預測已經引發了強烈抗議。; 當局原來決定允許開發這一鄉村地區，但現在他們已經收回成命。; 法官在法庭上都身穿黑袍。; 採訪者深入打探她的私生活。; 從去年的統計數字看，公司的利潤下降了。; 我的西班牙語沒多大進步。; 我想你是史密斯博士吧？; 我不以有專門知識自居。; 我相信常識最終會獲勝。; 除了公司之外，最普通的是獨資和合伙兩種形式。; 她出版了她的第一本小說。; 他放棄了繼承王位的要求。; 哪怕是稍稍惹他一下他都會勃然大怒。; 這本小冊子將在九月份出版。; 當一名民航飛機駕駛員要具備哪些條件？; 這所小房子是我的唯一財產。; 我們祝願你健康、幸福、事業興旺。; 她的第一部小說去年在大張旗鼓的宣傳下出版。
