I'm taking antibiotics for a throat infection.; Many of the ingredients for antiseptics come from the rainforests.; I've never been very good at arithmetic.; The simplest behavior of a robot is locomotion.; Global warming has no visible manifestation.; They showed the goal in slow motion.; She has a very warm personality.; Golf has gained popularity among the wealthy in my country.; Two million people in the city live in abject poverty.; The novelty of these toys soon wore off and the children became bored with them.; He goes fishing at every opportunity.; You couldn't help but be aware of the peculiarity of the situation.; The president of this company is just a figurehead.; He lost a fortune gambling.; Have you tried changing the fuse?; Why do hummingbirds and gorillas both have backbones?; This valley was lumbered hard during the past decade.; The man is of medium height.; There is abundant evidence that cars have a harmful effect on the environment.; The hospital has set up a special fund.; People die of hunger every day.; The hunters spent hours pursuing their prey.; The airline reimbursed me for the amount they had overcharged me.; Rising consumer sales have the effect of spurring the economy to faster growth.; Food and fuel prices are very volatile in a war situation.; He was a vociferous opponent of Conservatism.; There seems no pattern to the attack, no volition to the men.; Government troops have overwhelmed the rebels and seized control of the capital.; She's somewhat more confident than she used to be.; She lashed the horses mercilessly with her long whip.; 因為喉嚨發炎我正服用抗生素。; 很多殺菌劑的原料產自熱帶雨林。; 我從來不擅長算術。; 機器人最簡單的行為是移動。; 全球暖化並沒有明顯可見的表像。; 他們用慢鏡頭重播了這個進球。; 她個性非常熱情。; 高爾夫球已在我國富有的人中流行起來。; 這個城市有兩百萬人生活在赤貧中。; 孩子們對這些玩具的新鮮感很快就消失了，開始厭倦起來。; 他一有機會就去釣魚。; 你必然會意識到情況有些蹊蹺。; 這家公司的董事長只是個傀儡。; 他賭博輸了一大筆錢。; 你有沒試過換根保險絲？; 為什么蜂鳥和大猩猩都有脊椎？; 在過去十年裡，這個山谷的林木被大肆採伐。; 這男人中等身高。; 有充分證據顯示，汽車對環境有害。; 醫院專門設立了一項基金。; 每天都有人餓死。; 獵人們花費數小時追捕獵物。; 航空公司把多收的錢退還給我了。; 消費的成長有刺激經濟加速發展的作用。; 戰爭時期食品和燃料的價格極易波動。; 他高聲反對保守主義。; 進攻看上去沒有一點章法，士兵看上去也沒鬥志。; 政府軍已擊敗了叛亂者，控制了首都。; 她比過去自信了一些。; 她毫不留情地用長鞭抽打馬匹。
