Let me give you a demonstration of how the camera works.; Among Christians there are many denominations.; Depreciation has two specific meanings in economics.; The deformation of the bones was caused by poor diet.; The measure of his degradation was not yet full.; Engineers frantically cut every demolition wire they could find.; The company made a declaration of intent to follow an equal opportunities policy.; He's good at cake decoration.; It is the definition in a dictionary.; Many forged notes are in circulation.; Chinese civilization is one of the oldest in the world.; Some further clarification of your position is needed.; We all hope for the abolition of war.; Some poisonous gases can enter the body by absorption through the skin.; The museum's latest acquisition is an ancient sculpture.; He's well known in the local community.; There are a lot of complexities surrounding this issue.; Many plastics have high surface resistance and low electrical conductivity.; The stadium has a seating capacity of ten thousand people.; The gold was hidden in a secret cavity.; The country's most valuable commodities include tin and diamonds.; She was always cheerful in adversity.; Homer was a great man of antiquity.; As a scientist, he has the capability of doing important research.; You can rest assured.; Astute salesmen know how to invest.; Organizational ability is an essential attribute for a good manager.; Are you accusing me of lying?; The problem of poverty is particularly acute in rural areas.; Mountain climbers use oxygen when they reach higher altitudes.; 讓我來給你示範一下相機的運作原理。; 基督教中有許多教派。; 在經濟學裡，價值下降具有兩種特殊的含義。; 不好的飲食導至骨頭的變形。; 他丟臉還沒有丟到頂點。; 工兵們急忙切斷他們所能找到的一切地雷的引線。; 公司宣稱願意遵守平等機會原則。; 他擅長做蛋糕裝飾。; 這是字典上字義。; 許多假鈔在流通。; 中國文明是世界上最古老的文明之一。; 還需進一步闡明你的立場。; 我們都希望消滅戰爭。; 一些有毒氣體可以透過皮膚吸收進入體內。; 該博物館最新購置的藏品為一尊古老的雕塑。; 他在當地社區非常出名。; 此事牽涉到許多錯綜複雜的情況。; 很多塑料具有高的表面電阻和低的導電性能。; 這個體育場能容納一萬人。; 黃金藏在一個隱秘的洞穴裡。; 該國最有價值的商品包括錫和鑽石。; 身處逆境時，她也從不垂頭喪氣。; 荷馬是一位古代偉人。; 作為一個科學家，他具有從事重要科學研究的能力。; 你放心。; 精明的商人懂得如何投資。; 組織能力是一個出色經理必備的素質。; 你是在指責我撒謊嗎？; 貧窮問題在農村地區尤為嚴重。; 到了海拔較高的地方，登山者就要使用氧氣。
