The plan had to be aborted at the last minute.; Plants absorb carbon dioxide.; He was deep in debt and facing forfeiture of his property.; Fur coat have gone out of fashion.; There's something fishy going on here.; Where's the flash for the camera?; He has no comprehension of the size of the problem.; Tectonic forces caused compression in the earth's crust.; I can't ask for help. It feels like a confession of failure.; The cohesive power of our organization should not be neglected or underestimated.; We offer you a comprehensive training in all aspects of the business.; They had conclusive evidence of her guilt.; I spent two thousand dollars on the lobster dinner.; The soldier was disciplined for deserting his post.; We noticed a poster advertising a circus.; I'll have to lengthen this skirt.; Three minutes after the fire started, the house was full of lethal fumes.; The witness placed her hand on the Bible and took the oath.; The front seats of the car tilt.; We don't need to leave a tip.; This massage method is not recommended for anyone who is very ticklish.; Most zoos try to exhibit animals in naturalistic settings.; She is an authority on phonetics.; He is planning to retire from politics next year.; I had no sensation of pain whatsoever.; The termination of the bus service was a severe blow to many villagers.; We need to monitor the transaction of smaller deals.; Her attitude lends a fresh perspective to the subject.; The eye is a complex and highly developed photosensitive organ.; Primitive races colonized these islands two thousand years ago.; 計劃被迫在最後一刻取消。; 植物吸收二氧化碳。; 他負債累累，面臨財産被沒收的窘境。; 皮草大衣已經過時了。; 這裡的情況有點可疑。; 照相機的閃光燈在哪裡？; 他不明白問題有多嚴重。; 大地構造作用力導致地殼被壓縮。; 我不能請求幫助，那感覺就像是承認失敗。; 我們組織的凝聚力是不容被忽視或低估的。; 我們向你提供這個行業各方面的綜合培訓。; 他們掌握了她犯罪的確鑿證據。; 我在這頓龍蝦晚餐花了兩千元。; 這個士兵因為擅離崗位而受到處分。; 我們看到一張馬戲團演出的海報。; 我必須把這條裙子放長一些。; 起火三分鐘後，房子裡充滿了致命的毒氣。; 證人將手放在聖經上，發誓要講真話。; 汽車前座傾斜了。; 我們不必留小費。; 這種按摩法不太適合怕癢的人。; 大多數動物園會盡量在類似自然的環境裡展出動物。; 她是語音學權威。; 他打算明年退出政壇。; 我沒有任何痛苦的感覺。; 公車停駛對許多村民來說是一個嚴重的打擊。; 我們需要監控規模較小的交易。; 她的態度為這個問題提供了新的視角。; 眼睛是複雜而且高度精密的感光器官。; 原始種族在兩千年前開拓了這些島嶼。
