He completely demolished all her arguments.; It's important to distinguish between business and pleasure.; He is a distinguished writer.; There seems to have been some abrasion of the surface.; The lack of cohesion within the party lost them votes in the election.; The cyclist was in a collision with a bus.; In her haste to get up from the table, she knocked over a cup.; The president had a hostile reception in Ohio this morning.; Can you help me install this software?; Her breath smelled of garlic.; Many soldiers died because of dearth of food.; One of his forefathers emigrated to Australia.; She was born in Italy but her English is fluent and idiomatic.; I love high heels but they're rather impractical.; Mathematics is her favorite subject.; The sun appears to rise and set because of the earth's rotation.; It is the poorest section.; Success is achieved by the careful selection of projects.; This is an interesting and highly informative book.; She had an instinctive taste for music.; The lecture was instructive and interesting.; As you get older your bones become increasingly brittle.; We shuttled the passengers to the city center by helicopter.; The room was painted a subtle shade of pink.; The opportunity to travel is the main attraction of this job.; My hair needs trimming.; He is an experienced and trustworthy guide.; The temperature is very low in winter.; She advised us to look abroad for more lucrative business ventures.; He has become more venturesome this season with dress designs.; 他徹底推翻了她的全部論點。; 分清什麼是正事什麼是娛樂非常重要。; 他是個卓越的作家。; 表面好像有些磨損。; 黨內缺乏凝聚力使他們在選舉中失去了選票。; 那個騎腳踏車的人與一輛公車相撞。; 她匆忙從桌邊站起來，結果碰翻了一個茶杯。; 總統今天早上在俄亥俄州受到了不友善的接待。; 你能幫我安裝這個軟體嗎？; 她的嘴裡有大蒜味。; 很多士兵因為缺少糧食死去。; 他的一位祖先移居澳洲。; 她出生在義大利，卻講一口流利地道的英語。; 我喜歡高跟鞋，但它很不實用。; 數學是她喜歡的科目。; 因為地球在自轉，看上去就有了日出和日落。; 這是最窮的地段。; 成功是靠仔細慎選計劃而取得的。; 這是一本有趣且資訊豐富的書。; 她性喜音樂。; 那次講演既有益又有趣。; 隨著年齡增長，人的骨頭變得越來越脆。; 我們使用直升機往返不停地將旅客運送到市中心。; 房間被刷成了淡粉色。; 能有機會去不同的地方是這份工作富有吸引力的主要因素。; 我的頭髮需要剪一剪。; 他是一位有經驗的、可信賴的嚮導。; 冬天的氣溫非常低。; 她建議我們去國外尋找更有利可圖的商業機會。; 這一季他的服裝設計更加大膽。
