I was amazed by how well he looked.; A sparkle in his eyes animated his face whenever he smiled.; We don't anticipate any trouble.; She's a former ambassador to the United States.; Our campus is very big.; The wind made the door slam shut.; I will amend my ways.; He insisted that the book did not need amendment.; She tried to make amends by inviting him out to dinner.; There were portraits of his ancestors on the walls of the room.; The kitchen is equipped with modern appliances.; Most of the work was done by apprentices.; A funeral can amplify the feelings of regret and loss for the relatives.; The meat has been certified fit for human consumption.; We will codify a new technique.; She stared in amazement.; The president made an unexpected announcement this morning.; She had to cancel her dental appointment.; You'll have ample opportunity to ask questions after the talk.; They are a couple.; He became a cripple because of the accident.; Chemical analysis revealed a high content of copper.; Teachers can't give pupils any assistance in exams.; She is a personal assistant.; The horror lies in the violence itself, which needs no amplification.; Thanks to computer animation, it is now possible to make cartoons much more quickly than in the past.; We are looking forward to their visit with eager anticipation.; We wish to remove any ambiguity concerning our demands.; That explains his anxiety over his health.; As a scientist, he has the capability of doing important research.; 看到他氣色這麼好，我大為驚奇。; 他一笑起來，眼睛就亮晶晶的，一時臉上也增添了生氣。; 我們不希望出現任何問題。; 她是前任駐美國大使。; 我們的校園非常大。; 風吹過來門砰地關上了。; 我要改正錯誤。; 他堅持認為這本書無需修改。; 她試圖請他出去吃頓飯，藉此向他賠個不是。; 房間牆壁上掛著他祖先的畫像。; 這間廚房裡安裝了各種現代化設備。; 大部分工作是由學徒做的。; 葬禮可以渲染生者痛失親人的哀悼之情。; 已證實該肉品適合人食用。; 我們將引進一種新技術。; 她驚奇地盯著看。; 今天上午總統發表了一項出人意表的聲明。; 她不得不取消去看牙醫的預約。; 演講結束後你們會有足夠的時間提問。; 他們是一對。; 他因為那場意外而變成了殘廢。; 化學分析結果顯示出極高的銅含量。; 考試中老師不能以任何形式幫助學生。; 她是個私人助理。; 暴力行為本身就令人恐懼，對此無需作任何闡釋。; 有了電腦動畫製作技術，現在製作動畫片比過去快多了。; 我們殷切地期待著他們來訪。; 對於我們的要求，我們不希望有任何含糊其詞的地方。; 那就是他擔心自己健康的原因。; 作為一個科學家，他具有從事重要科學研究的能力。
