So far the drug is thought not to have any adverse effects.; He advertises his services on the company notice board.; He advocates the return of capital punishment.; This is the most advanced type of engine available.; Some of us feel that the union is in alliance with management against us.; An ambulance was a long time coming.; Which aspects of the job do you most enjoy?; What a compact office!; Police have issued a photograph of the suspect.; Our company has agencies in major cities of the country.; He married into the French aristocracy.; I had to deal with the university's bureaucracy when I was applying for financial aid.; She affirmed her intention to apply for the post.; He was a familiar figure on the lecture circuit.; A fir is an evergreen tree with needlelike leaves that grows especially in cold areas.; I don't know how he can afford a new car on his salary.; Mom bought a box of assorted chocolates.; He was on his best behavior.; I'm trying to be more adventurous with my cooking.; His reply to my question was somewhat ambiguous.; He was a soldier and an ambitious one.; He saw her as his main adversary within the company.; We always celebrate our wedding anniversary with dinner in an expensive restaurant.; I think the battery is dead.; The desirability of peace needs no affirmation.; The savanna was covered by the aggregation of herds.; He arrived home in a state of agitation.; She had some exciting adventures in Egypt.; The area depends on agriculture for most of its income.; This is the most impressive architecture I've seen on this trip.; 迄今為止，人們一直認為這種藥物沒有任何副作用。; 他在公司的佈告版上張貼廣告來宣傳其業務。; 他主張恢復死刑。; 這是現有的最先進的引擎。; 我們中一些人感到工會和資方聯合起來對付我們。; 救護車姍姍來遲。; 你最喜歡這份工作的哪些方面？; 多麼小的辦公室！; 警方已經發布疑犯的照片。; 我們公司在國內主要城市都設有代理機構。; 他因婚姻關係躋身為法國貴族。; 我申請助學金時不得不應對大學裡的官僚體系。; 她承認自己有意應徵這個職位。; 他是巡迴講學中的座上常客。; 冷杉是一種針葉常綠樹，尤在寒冷地區生長。; 我不知道他靠薪水怎麼能買得起新車。; 媽媽買了一盒什錦巧克力。; 他表現極好。; 我正努力在烹飪方面有所創新。; 他對我的提問回答得有些含糊不清。; 他是個軍人而且胸懷大志。; 在他眼中，她是他在公司中的頭號對手。; 我們總是去豪華飯店就餐來慶祝我們的結婚紀念日。; 我認為電池沒電了。; 追求和平的理念無需贅言。; 這個大草原遍地是牧群。; 他焦慮不安地回到家中。; 她在埃及經歷了一些很刺激的奇遇。; 這個地區的大部分收入來自農業。; 這是我此次旅行見到的最令人難忘的建築。
