You'll dehydrate very quickly in this heat if you don't drink lots of water.; As a boss, you have to delegate.; We made a deliberate decision to live apart for a while.; It is a digital watch.; What's the most economical way of heating this building?; He writes editorials for the newspaper.; Financial constraints on the company are preventing them from employing new staff.; She consumed most of her time in reading.; I tried to contact him.; In the book, he depicts his father as a tyrant.; They asked us to pay down a deposit.; She became deeply depressed when her husband died.; The light is too dim for me to read.; She dipped her toe into the pool.; I felt dizzy with excitement.; The lecturer temporarily digressed from her subject to deal with a related theory.; He is a British emigrant to Australia.; A metal grid had been placed over the hole to prevent people from falling in.; She faces the dilemma of disobeying her father or losing the man she loves.; She gained a diploma in Business Administration.; She's starred in several TV dramas.; He lost himself in endless digressions.; Please specify the dimensions of the room.; His last argument was a diversion to make us forget the main point.; You can't help but admire her determination to succeed.; All the famous brands are afraid of trademark dilution.; She is of a cheerful disposition.; Dilute the juice with water before you drink it.; The unions are in dispute with management over pay.; The books will be distributed free to local schools.; 天这么热，不大量喝水身体很快就会脱水。; 你作为老板必须要分派工作。; 经过慎重考虑，我们决定分开居住一段时间。; 这是数位手表。; 给这栋大楼供应暖气，怎样做才是最经济的方法？; 他为这家报纸撰写重要评论。; 公司财务紧张使得他们不能再聘请新员工。; 她把大部分时间都花在读书上。; 我试着联络他。; 在那本书里，他把自己的父亲描写成了一个暴君。; 他们要求我们支付一笔订金。; 丈夫去世后，她变得十分忧郁。; 光线太暗，我无法看书。; 她把脚趾泡到游泳池里。; 我激动得有些眩晕。; 讲师暂时将她的主题放在一边，开始讲起了另一相关理论。; 他是个移居澳洲的英国人。; 在洞口铺了一个铁格栅，以免有人跌入。; 她面临着要么违抗父亲要么失去心上人的两难境地。; 她取得了工商管理的学位证书。; 她演过几部电视剧。; 他完全脱轨失去自我了。; 请明确说明房间的大小。; 他最后的论点是在声东击西，想让我们忘掉要点。; 她有很大的决心获得成功，这一点让人非常钦佩。; 所有知名品牌都害怕商标淡化。; 她性情开朗。; 果汁先用水稀释一下再喝。; 工会与管理层在工资问题上存在分歧。; 这些书将免费发放给当地学校。
