She left her entire estate to her niece.; My estimate of the situation is not so optimistic.; The police evacuated the village shortly before the explosion.; The Dukes were the eventual winners of the competition.; She rose to the exalted post of Foreign Secretary.; This cream is for external use only.; He had exhausted his supply of water.; It's not my fault!; They spent ten years in jail for fraud.; An excess of enthusiasm is not always a good thing.; She had a puzzled expression on her face.; She has so many facets to her personality.; They were given food and shelter in exchange for work.; A number of forged works of art have been sold as genuine.; Put the milk back in the fridge.; This offer is available exclusively to our established customers.; Incidentally, I wanted to have a word with you about your travel expenses.; Their arguments inevitably end in tears.; Conflicts between the different ethnic groups in the country exploded into civil war.; It's ironic that the weakest student in mathematics was elected class treasurer.; Cheap organic food is still difficult to come by.; Next week we're going on an excursion.; We built an extension to our house.; His work is a fusion of several different styles of music.; The executions will be carried out by a firing squad.; Britain's exploitation of its natural gas reserves began after the war.; The exploration for new sources of energy is vital for the future of our planet.; Did humans evolve from apes?; Food and fuel prices are very volatile in a war situation.; He came home drunk and vomited all over the kitchen floor.; 她把所有的遗产都留给了自己的侄女。; 我对形势的估计不那么乐观。; 在爆炸前不久，警察将这个村庄里的人全都疏散了。; 此次比赛的最终赢家是杜克一家。; 她升到了外交部长这个显赫的位置。; 这种药膏仅限外用。; 他已耗尽了全部供水。; 不是我的错！; 他们因为诈骗坐了十年牢。; 过分热情不见得总是件好事。; 她一脸困惑不解。; 她的性格具有多面性。; 他们帮人工作以换取食宿。; 一些艺术赝品已被当作真品出售。; 把牛奶放回冰箱里。; 只有本店的老客户才能享受这个优惠价。; 顺便说一句，我打算和你谈一下你的开支报销问题。; 他们的争论不可避免地以眼泪告终。; 该国不同族群之间的冲突激化，引发了内战。; 数学最差的学生竟被选为班级财务干事，真是讽刺。; 便宜的有机食物还是很难取得。; 下星期我们要去远足。; 我们扩建了我家的房屋。; 他的作品是几种不同音乐风格的融合。; 将由行刑队来执行枪决。; 英国对其天然气资源的开发利用始于战争后。; 探测新能源对我们地球的未来极为重要。; 人类是由猿进化而来的吗？; 战争时期食品和燃料的价格极易波动。; 他醉醺醺地回到家里，在厨房里吐了一地。
