She was disabled in the accident.; The machines have to be made of durable materials.; It will enable us to get the job done.; They were sent home in disgrace.; Recently published statistics show a divergence from previous trends.; The last I heard they were getting a divorce.; It wasn't very considerate of you.; A university consists of teachers, administrators and students.; There has been a consistent improvement in her attitude.; There is some discrepancy between the two accounts.; These machines increased our work efficiency.; How would disabled people escape in an emergency?; The destiny of our nation depends on this vote!; A suspect has been detained by the police for questioning.; She was taken into hospital last week when her condition suddenly deteriorated.; He is at a disadvantage being so shy.; Get tickets early to avoid disappointment.; There was a note of disapproval in the teacher's voice.; She gained a diploma in Business Administration.; The fourteen point at once became the great manifesto of the war.; From the hotel roof you can enjoy a panorama of the whole city.; Such a war would be disastrous for the country.; These claims are dubious and not scientifically proven.; Their sitting room was enormous.; You'll have to be very diplomatic if you want him to approve of the plan.; Domestic opinion had turned against the war.; Her life is dramatic.; You must show more discretion in choosing your friends.; She is of a cheerful disposition.; This company makes no distinction between the sexes.; 她在那次事故中致残。; 这种机器必须使用耐用的材料来制造。; 它能够让我们完成这个工作。; 他们蒙着羞被送回了家里。; 最近发布的数字与先前呈现的趋势大相径庭。; 上次我听说他们正在办理离婚手续。; 你真不懂得体谅别人。; 大学由教师，行政人员和学生组成。; 她的态度一直在改进。; 这两个帐户之间有一些出入。; 这些机器使我们的工作效率提高了。; 如果发生紧急情况，伤残人士如何逃离？; 我们国家的前途取决于这次选举！; 一名嫌疑人已被员警拘留接受进一步审讯。; 她是在上周病情突然恶化时被送进医院的。; 过于害羞使他处于劣势。; 早点订票以防订不到。; 老师的语气里透着反对的意思。; 她取得了工商管理的学位证书。; 这十四点原则立即成为重要的战争宣言。; 从饭店楼顶上你可以欣赏到城市的全景。; 这样一场战争会给国家带来灾难性的后果。; 这些说法未经科学证实，有些可疑。; 她们的客厅超级大。; 如果你要他同意这个计划，你必须十分注意策略。; 国内舆论已转而反对战争。; 她的人生很戏剧化。; 你择友须更谨慎。; 她性情开朗。; 这间公司男女平等。
