Please donate generously.; The documents had been duplicated.; They elaborated a plan of study.; Two loads of cloth were dispatched to the factory.; Did you know that Sarah ditched her boyfriend last week?; Thick carpet would reduce the echo in this hallway.; He tried to console her, but she kept saying it was all her own fault.; She hoped that marriage would consolidate their relationship.; There are many consonants in the alphabet.; Eye color is genetically determined.; You'd be wise to make a detour to avoid the roadworks.; The recent pattern of weather deviates from the norm for this time of year.; I felt dizzy with excitement.; To pull one's leg is an idiom.; Some idiot left the tap running in the bathroom and there's water everywhere.; It would be a disaster for me if I lost my job.; The dog's name was engraved on a little metal disc attached to its collar.; They were discarding something useful.; Our flight had to be diverted to Hong Kong because of the storm.; When did you first encounter these difficulties?; We hired a magician to entertain the children.; Some fans seem to regard the players as divine beings.; Don't dramatize your problems.; A lot of companies are trying to economize by not taking on new staff.; The thieves quarreled about the division of their stolen goods.; Environmental groups want a substantial reduction in the emission of greenhouse gases.; The survey reveals a gradual erosion of the president's popularity and support.; Existing distortions in wage differentials will be magnified.; I can turn the television off if you find it a distraction.; Passengers without the correct documentation will not be allowed to travel.; 请您慷慨解囊。; 这些文件已经被复印过了。; 他们仔细制订了学习计划。; 两车布料被发到工厂。; 你知道莎拉上个星期甩了她男朋友吗？; 厚地毯会减弱走廊中的回音。; 他尽力安慰她，可是她不停地说那都是她自己的错。; 她希望婚姻能巩固他们的关系。; 字母里面有许多子音。; 眼睛的颜色是由遗传基因决定的。; 绕开道路施工地点是明智之举。; 近来的天气状况与往年同期相比有些异常。; 我激动得有些眩晕。; 跟某人开玩笑是惯用语。; 哪个白痴忘了关浴室的水龙头，水流得到处都是。; 对我而言，如果丢了工作那将是一场灾难。; 狗的名字刻在项圈上吊着的一块金属小圆盘上。; 他们丢掉了某些有用的东西。; 由于暴风雨，我们的班机被迫改在香港机场降落。; 你甚么时候开始遇到这些困难的？; 我们请了一位魔术师表演节目让孩子们开心。; 有些球迷似乎把球员神化了。; 别夸大其词地诉说你的问题了。; 很多公司为了尽可能节省开支，都不再雇用新员工。; 这些贼为分偷来的物品而争吵。; 环保组织要求确实减少温室气体的排放量。; 民意调查显示了总统声望和所获支持的逐渐削弱。; 工资差别上存在的扭曲现象将被加剧。; 如果你觉得电视让你思想无法集中，我可以关掉。; 没有相关证件的乘客将不允许旅行。
