I had a long, hot bath to soothe my aching muscles.; Where do these spoons belong?; The doorway was so low that we had to stoop to go through it.; We both like the same sort of music.; I enjoy winter sports.; He was busy, therefore he couldn't come.; Please revert by email.; The dictionary has been revised.; Recently, there has been some revival of ancient music.; You can't have good acting without a decent script.; The maid is responsible for scrubbing the kitchen floors.; She is a famous sculptor.; He was elected sheriff of the county.; The police held up their riot shields against the flying rocks and bricks.; She shifted uneasily from one foot to the other.; These children came from a slum area.; I fell into a gentle slumber.; Car sales have slumped dramatically over the past year.; There's no easy solution to this problem.; Her sophistication is evident from the way she dresses.; All products are made exactly to the customer's specifications.; Talks are being held about who should have sovereignty over the island.; Political stability is essential to economic prosperity.; Overnight my boss seems to have turned into a tyrant.; After months of solitude at sea it felt strange to be in company.; The Union's statutes forbade them from holding high office.; Many conquered nations had to pay tribute to the rulers of ancient Rome.; She's somewhat more confident than she used to be.; I read it whilst you were drying your hair.; The retailers purchased cargos from the wholesalers.; 我洗了个热水澡，泡了很长时间以纾缓肌肉的疼痛。; 这些汤匙该放哪里？; 门道太低，我们不得不弯下腰进去。; 我们俩喜欢同一类音乐。; 我喜欢冬季运动。; 他忙得很，因此没有来。; 请通过电子邮件回覆。; 这部字典被修订过。; 近来，在一定程度上，古代音乐又重新流行起来。; 没有像样的剧本是不可能有好的表演的。; 这位女佣负责擦洗厨房的地板。; 她是位有名的雕刻家。; 他被选为县警长。; 员警举着防暴盾牌阻挡飞来的石头和砖块。; 她不安地把身体的重心由一只脚转移到另一只脚。; 这些孩子来自贫民窟区。; 我甜甜地睡去。; 过去一年汽车的销售额大幅下降。; 这个问题没有容易的解决办法。; 从衣着打扮明显可以看出她精明老练。; 所有产品完全按照客户的具体要求制造。; 关于该岛主权归属问题的会谈正在进行。; 政治稳定对经济繁荣是必要的。; 我的老板似乎一夜之间变成了一个暴君。; 在海上独居了几个月之后，对有人陪伴感到有些不适应。; 工会章程禁止他们担任高级公职。; 许多被征服的国家要向古罗马的统治者纳贡。; 她比过去自信了一些。; 在你吹乾头发的时候，我读了它。; 零售商从批发商处购买货物。
