It is not practicable to complete the tunnel before the end of the year.; Surely a diplomatic solution is preferable to war.; Let's go rambling tomorrow.; During the sermon, he preached about the need for forgiveness.; She gave him a punch on the nose.; Tickets must be purchased two weeks in advance.; The paintings are a development of ideas she explored in the preceding decade.; Preparations for the festival are now proceeding smoothly.; They are the most promising new band of the year.; She blamed me for practically every mistake in the report.; The commander rallied his tired soldiers and they fought off the enemy at last.; We rarely see each other now.; There are one hundred pence in a pound.; There was a note of profound irritation in his voice.; The moon goes round the earth.; Have you plumbed the dishwasher in yet?; If it still leaks, call a plumber.; Fishermen in small boats ply their trade up and down the coast.; He preceded me as Chairman of the Department.; The drug is often prescribed for ulcers.; The product will have to meet internationally prescribed standards.; Great precision is required to align the mirrors accurately.; The festival will open with a procession led by the mayor.; He's a doctor by profession.; They failed to take the necessary precautions to avoid infection.; My optimistic predictions came true.; The speaker gave an interesting presentation on urban transport.; Two million people in the city live in abject poverty.; My top priority is to find somewhere to live.; Studies show that if a working environment is pleasant, productivity increases.; 年底前这个隧道不可能竣工。; 外交途径当然要比战争好。; 我们明天去乡间散步吧。; 在布道中，他宣讲了宽恕的必要性。; 她朝着他的鼻子打了一拳。; 门票必须提前两周购买。; 这些画是她过去十年以来探索思想的成果。; 艺术节的准备活动正在顺利进行中。; 他们是今年年度最有前途的新进乐团。; 她几乎把报告里所有的错误都怪在我头上。; 指挥官重整疲惫不堪的士兵，最后他们终于击退敌人。; 我们现在很少见面。; 一英镑等于一百便士。; 他的语气中带有强烈恼怒。; 月球围绕地球转。; 你给洗碗机接上水管了吗？; 如果它还漏，就叫水管工来修理。; 渔民们驾着小船沿着海岸兜售海鲜。; 他在我之前担任该系主任。; 这种药通常是开来治疗溃疡的。; 该产品必须符合国际规定的标准。; 校准反光镜需要极高的精确性。; 艺术节将由市长带领的一支队伍揭开序幕。; 他的职业是医生。; 他们未能采取必要的预防措施来避免感染。; 我的乐观的预言成了现实。; 演讲者针对城市交通发表了有趣的谈话。; 这个城市有两百万人生活在赤贫中。; 我首先要考虑的是找个地方住。; 研究显示如果工作环境舒适，生产效率会提高。
