There are sixteen ounces in a pound.; I don't like the pace of modern life.; How do the French perceive the British?; She has studied the cultures of oriental countries.; She's proficient in two languages.; His rudeness rendered me speechless.; These murders have provoked outrage across the country.; The charity enjoys the patronage of many prominent local business people.; I give you this ring as a pledge of my everlasting love for you.; Click on this link to our website.; You pull on both reins to stop or slow a horse, but only the left rein to turn left.; The flood ruined everything.; Scientists discovered the existence of organisms on this planet.; The statue symbolizes patriotism, progress and peace.; Tourism is Venice's main industry.; She went in this morning and noticed one of the ornaments was missing.; He was the first teacher to go into parliament.; Keep to the pavement.; She is optimistic about her chances of winning a gold medal.; English is compulsory for all students, but art and music are optional.; Let's go back to the topic.; He passed his German oral exam.; My orchard is bearing well this year.; The orchestra played a Mozart symphony.; If the weather is good, we'll eat outdoors.; These spacecraft may send back data about the outermost reaches of the solar system.; The new law will outlaw smoking in public places.; A mixture of selected funds is an optimum choice for future security and return on investment.; This land is rich with petroleum.; He's got rather plump since I last saw him.; 一磅等于十六盎司。; 我不喜欢现代生活的步调。; 法国人是如何看待英国人的？; 她研究过东方各国的文化。; 她精通两种语言。; 他的粗暴无礼让我无言以对。; 这些谋杀事件激起了全国公众的愤慨。; 这家慈善机构获得了本地许多重要的商人的赞助。; 我把这枚戒指送给你作为我永志不渝的信物。; 点选此连结到我们的网址。; 拉两边的缰绳来让马停住或放慢速度，但是要想左转时，只需拉左边的缰绳。; 洪水毁灭了一切。; 科学家在这个星球上发现了有机体的存在。; 这尊雕像象征着爱国、进步与和平。; 旅游业是威尼斯的主要产业。; 今天早晨她一进去就发现丢了一件饰品。; 他是第一个进入议会的老师。; 沿着人行道走。; 她对赢得金牌很乐观。; 英语是所有学生的必修课，而艺术和音乐则是选修的。; 让我们回到主题吧。; 他通过了德文口试。; 我的果园今年硕果累累。; 乐队演奏了一首莫札特的交响曲。; 如果天气好，我们将在室外用餐。; 这些太空船可能会发回关于太阳系最外层区域的数据。; 新法律将禁止在公共场所吸烟。; 同时选择几种基金是确保未来投资安全和投资收益的最佳选择。; 这片土地盛产石油。; 自从我上次见到他以来，他胖了很多。
