Information on the subject is easily obtainable on the internet.; The coast has pebble beaches.; I bought my son a portable typewriter.; The worker was praised for his observance of the rules.; An eclipse is an unusual occurrence.; Driving without a license is an offence.; I didn't offer them any food.; I've never been a huge fan of opera.; Eventually she managed to overcome her shyness in class.; The institute will invest five million in the project.; First apply shampoo to hair and then rinse thoroughly.; Put your dishes in the sink.; He easily defeated his opponent.; If you don't patent your invention, other people may make all the profit out of it.; Our office is in a permanent state of chaos.; The new tax program met with fierce opposition.; A kaleidoscope is an optical toy.; A mixture of selected funds is an optimal choice for future security and return on investment.; The extra cost of travelling to work is offset by the lower price of houses here.; The new treatment can delay the onset of the disease by several years.; I told him at the outset I wasn't interested.; He has the occasional cigar after dinner.; There are some serious errors and omissions in the book.; They sang with great passion.; He is a bus driver by occupation.; The best option is to cancel the trip.; We employ people without regard to their political or sexual orientation.; Inside the room there was the unmistakable odour of sweaty feet.; News of the arrest perturbed her greatly.; This has been a turbulent week for the administration.; 有关这门学科的资讯从网际网路上很容易就能获取。; 这海岸有几处小卵石海滩。; 我给儿子买了一台手提式打字机。; 这个工人因为严格遵守规则而受到了表扬。; 蚀是不常见的事情。; 无照驾驶是违法行为。; 我没有给他们提供任何食物。; 我对歌剧一向不是很着迷。; 她终于克服了上课时的羞怯。; 该机构将在这个专案上投资五百万。; 先把洗发剂涂抹在头发上，然后冲洗干净。; 把你的盘子放在水槽。; 他轻易地打败他的对手。; 如果你不为你的发明申请专利权，其他人就会从中图利。; 我们的办公室永远都是一团糟。; 新的征税计划遭到强烈反对。; 万花筒是一种光学玩具。; 同时选择几种基金是确保未来投资安全和投资收益的最佳选择。; 这里低廉的房价抵消了因上班路途远而产生的额外费用。; 新的治疗方法可以把疾病发作的时间延后几年。; 我从一开始就告诉他我没兴趣。; 他饭后偶尔抽支雪茄。; 这本书里有几处严重的的错误和疏漏。; 他们满怀热情地歌唱。; 他的职业是公车司机。; 最好的选择是取消这趟旅行。; 我们聘请员工时并不考虑其政治或性取向。; 房间里有一股明显的臭脚汗味。; 逮捕的消息使她心绪不宁。; 对政府来讲，这是动荡多事的一周。
