Plants need certain conditions to propagate.; A single beam of light radiated from the lighthouse.; The item is very rare.; The majority of young professionals in the capital have moved there from provincial towns.; He is fairly punctual.; These people have very radical views.; This young fashion designer is rising to prominence.; He acted with prudence.; Make sure you are given a receipt.; The water was thrashing and churning about under the propellers.; It took her a long time to recover.; The universities constitute a reservoir of expert knowledge.; The prospect of increased prices has already provoked an outcry.; The authorities have revoked their original decision to allow development of this rural area.; Judges wear black robes when they are in court.; The interviewer probed deep into her private life.; Company's profits are down from last year's figures.; I'm not making much progress with my Spanish.; You are Dr. Smith, I presume?; I make no pretense to special knowledge.; I am sure that common sense will prevail in the end.; Aside from corporation, the most common types are proprietorship and partnership.; She published her first novel.; He has relinquished his claim to the throne.; He'd fly into a rage at the slightest provocation.; The brochure will be ready for publication in September.; What are the qualifications for an airline pilot?; This small house is my only property.; We wish your health, happiness, and prosperity.; Her first novel was published last year in a blaze of publicity.; 植物需要一定的条件才能繁殖。; 一束光从灯塔射出。; 这个物件是很稀有的。; 大多数在首都工作的年轻职业人口都来自外省城镇。; 他通常非常准时。; 这些人观点很偏激。; 这位年轻的时装设计师的声望越来越高。; 他谨慎行事。; 记得要拿收据喔。; 水在螺旋桨下面打旋、翻滚。; 她花了很长时间才让身体复原。; 大学是专业知识的宝库。; 物价上涨的预测已经引发了强烈抗议。; 当局原来决定允许开发这一乡村地区，但现在他们已经收回成命。; 法官在法庭上都身穿黑袍。; 采访者深入打探她的私生活。; 从去年的统计数字看，公司的利润下降了。; 我的西班牙语没多大进步。; 我想你是史密斯博士吧？; 我不以有专门知识自居。; 我相信常识最终会获胜。; 除了公司之外，最普通的是独资和合伙两种形式。; 她出版了她的第一本小说。; 他放弃了继承王位的要求。; 哪怕是稍稍惹他一下他都会勃然大怒。; 这本小册子将在九月份出版。; 当一名民航飞机驾驶员要具备哪些条件？; 这所小房子是我的唯一财产。; 我们祝愿你健康、幸福、事业兴旺。; 她的第一部小说去年在大张旗鼓的宣传下出版。
