In his preface, the author says that he took eight years to write the book.; Her preference is for comfortable rather than stylish clothes.; Laws against racial prejudice must be strictly enforced.; No one can predict when the disease will strike again.; Is there any prospect of the weather improving?; He's never had much tact and people don't like his blunt manner.; The new law is designed to protect people's privacy.; He made little proficiency in literary accomplishments.; His tendency to exaggerate is well known.; The president is a prime target for the assassin's bullet.; We need to increase our company's profile in Asia.; My little daughter likes reciting poetry in public.; The novel deals with grand themes, but is never heavy or pretentious.; The previous owner is good.; In a prosperous country like this, no one should go hungry.; It's a matter of principle.; The queen is dressed in purple.; The stone she threw caused ripples to spread across the lake.; My predecessor worked in this job for twelve years.; She's five and a half months pregnant.; That's all for the present.; These drugs are only available on prescription.; She was overawed by the presence of so many people.; There is great public concern about some of the chemicals used in food preservation.; The changes are seen as a prelude to wide-ranging reforms.; She's managed somehow to procure his phone number.; He was prosecuted for fraud.; We're willing to pay a premium for the best location.; The pump is powered by a motor.; There are some huge pumpkins.; 在前言中，作者说他写这本书花了八年。; 她更注重衣服的舒适性，而非时髦的款式。; 禁止种族歧视的法律必须严格执行。; 没人能预见这种病什么时候会再次爆发。; 天气有可能好转吗？; 他从来不懂什么处事技巧，大家都不喜欢他那生硬的态度。; 新法律旨在保护人们的隐私权。; 他在文学方面成就不多。; 他喜欢夸张是出了名的。; 总统是这名刺客的主要目标。; 我们需要扩大公司在亚洲的影响力。; 我的小女儿喜欢当众背诵诗歌。; 这部小说探讨的是重大主题，但它绝不沉闷也不矫饰。; 前主人很好。; 在这样一个繁荣的国家里，不应该有人挨饿。; 这是原则问题。; 皇后穿一身紫色。; 她扔了一块石头，湖面泛起阵阵涟漪。; 我的前任做这份工作做了十二年。; 她怀孕有五个半月了。; 暂时就讲这些。; 这些药只能凭处方购买。; 这么多人在场，把她吓坏了。; 民众对一些用于保存食物的化学物表示极为担忧。; 这些变革被视为大范围改革的序幕。; 她不知用了什么方法，弄到了他的电话号码。; 他因诈骗而被起诉。; 为了得到最好的地段，我们愿意多付些钱。; 这台帮浦是靠一台马达运作的。; 那里有些巨大南瓜。
