They chanted the eulogy of proletarian heroes.; He gave a radiant smile when he heard her news.; We asked a random selection of people what they thought.; You must follow correct procedure at all times.; Going to court to obtain compensation is a long process.; France produces a great deal of wine.; Healthcare should be a right, not a privilege.; He flew into a fit of rage over the smallest mistake.; The houses are sold out within this price range.; I've always been prone to headaches.; I remember the night your father proposed to me.; I've always preferred reading prose to poetry.; The course required no prior knowledge of Spanish.; The model and the prototype are similar.; The revolt was suppressed in a couple of days.; Putting varnish on wood is a way to preserve it.; Who would be the best person to preside over the public enquiry?; They can presumably afford to buy a bigger apartment.; He is a professional journalist.; Of course there's provision in the plan for population increase.; These dates are only provisional.; Getting everyone there on time might prove problematic.; Are you being sarcastic?; Oil prices have remained static for the last few months.; The company had made projections of sales of three thousand aircraft.; Children make up a large proportion of the world's population.; I've put my proposition to the company director for his consideration.; It was a productive and fertile period.; Hotel prices in the major cities are high but not prohibitive.; There has been a qualitative change in the relationship between the public and the government.; 他们歌颂无产阶级的英雄人物。; 当他听到她的消息时，脸上绽放出灿烂的笑容。; 我们随机挑选一些人，问了他们的想法。; 你必须随时按照正确的步骤操作。; 起诉要求赔偿是一个漫长的过程。; 法国生产大量葡萄酒。; 医疗健保应该是权利，而非特权。; 微不足道的小错误就会使他大发雷霆。; 在这个价位范围之内的房子已售完。; 我总是容易头痛。; 我还记得你父亲向我求婚的那个晚上。; 我一直偏好读散文而不是诗歌。; 这门课不要求先前学过西班牙语。; 这模型与原型长得很像。; 叛乱在几天之内就被镇压下去了。; 在木料上涂清漆是保护木料的一种方法。; 谁来主持大众调查最合适呢？; 他们大概买得起一间大一点的公寓。; 他是一位专业的新闻从业人员。; 当然这项计划里有应对人口增长的措施。; 这些日期只是暂定的。; 让每个人都准时到达可能会很难。; 你这是在挖苦吗？; 过去几个月里油价保持稳定。; 该公司已预测销售三千架飞机。; 孩童占世界人口的很大一部分。; 我已将我的提议交给公司主管考虑。; 这是个丰收的时期。; 大城市里的旅馆费用昂贵，但还能负担得起。; 民众和政府之间的关系有了性质上的改变。
