He has obtained a degree in psychology.; She has a degree in sociology and politics.; We're working on new strategies to improve our share of the market.; It's always prudent to read a contract carefully before signing it.; You can see many remnants of the Roman civilization in Italy.; The local residents were angry.; Promise me that you won't tell her.; Try to be prompt because we'll be very short of time.; One official dismissed the ceasefire as a mere propaganda exercise.; The prevailing mood is one of optimism.; These diseases are more prevalent among young children.; I sent my husband to represent me at the funeral.; He pulled the chair away from the desk.; The child's pulse was strong.; Her school report described her as a very promising pupil.; The magazine will be published quarterly.; Quartzes and rock salt have the highest conductivities.; There used to be a small hotel on the quay.; These differences are only quantitative.; Are your opinions representative of all the workers here?; He drove them both to their respective homes.; He recalled the stainless purity of his boyish life.; Performance is less important than reliability in a car.; She takes her responsibilities as a nurse very seriously.; The hunters spent hours pursuing their prey.; The lifeboat rescued the sailors from the sinking boat.; Taxes provide most of the government's revenue.; The company is ruthless in its pursuit of profit.; Even young boys are now being recruited into the army.; Have you packed your suitcase yet?; 他已在心理学方面获得学位。; 她拥有社会学和政治学学位。; 我们正在制订新策略来增加我们的市场占有率。; 签合约前先好好看一下，这样做永远都是明智的。; 在义大利，你可以看到许多罗马文明的遗迹。; 当地居民很生气。; 答应我你不会告诉她。; 尽量快点，因为我们时间很紧迫。; 一名官员将停火斥为赤裸裸的宣传伎俩。; 现有的情绪是乐观的。; 这些疾病在幼儿中更普遍。; 我请我丈夫代表我参加葬礼。; 他把椅子从书桌旁拉开。; 那个孩子的脉搏很有力。; 她在成绩单中被描述成一个非常有前途的学生。; 这份杂志每季出版一期。; 石英盐和岩盐的热导率最高。; 码头上曾经有个小旅馆。; 这些只不过是数量上的不同而已。; 你的意见可以代表这里所有工人的想法吗？; 他驾车把他们分别送到家里。; 他记得纯洁无瑕的童年生活。; 汽车的可靠性比其机械性能更重要。; 身为护士，她对自己的工作极为认真。; 猎人们花费数小时追捕猎物。; 救生艇将水手们从正在下沉的船上救起。; 政府收入的大部分来自税收。; 公司为追求利润不择手段。; 就连很年轻的男生都被征召入伍了。; 你把衣物都放进手提箱了吗？
