Her writing is barely comprehensible to me.; He owns considerable real estate.; They haven't produced any credible evidence for convicting him.; Read Chapter ten before class tomorrow.; The girl's warm personality is her greatest charm.; The sales chart shows a distinct decline in the past few months.; The wires were fastened together with a plastic clip.; Put your clothes back into the closet.; On Wednesday there will be a partial eclipse of the sun.; Australia and New Zealand are former British colonies.; She writes fashion column.; I prefer Shakespeare's comedies to his tragedies.; Our overseas commerce has increased a great deal.; The TV show was interrupted by too many commercials.; He was sent to prison for a crime that he didn't commit.; The listening device was concealed in a pen.; The government has conceded the new tax policy has been a disaster.; He couldn't conceive of a time when he would have no job.; The dresser drawer was partitioned into four compartments.; The music complements her voice perfectly.; It's the nicest compliment I've ever had.; We offer you a comprehensive training in all aspects of the business.; This room is for the exclusive use of guests.; Certain gases are highly explosive.; If any complications arise, let me know and I'll help.; People from different cultures have different conceptions of the world.; He's in no condition to drive home.; He's a comparative stranger.; Comparatively speaking, this machine is easy to use.; A competitive person loves to win and hates to lose.; 她的作品我幾乎不能理解。; 他擁有相當可觀的房地產。; 他們沒有拿出任何可信的證據來給他定罪。; 明天上課前閱讀第十章。; 那女孩熱情的個性是她最迷人之處。; 銷售圖顯示在過去幾個月裡銷售量明顯下降。; 這些電線用一個塑膠夾子扣在一起。; 把你的衣服放回衣櫃。; 週三將有一次日偏蝕。; 澳洲和紐西蘭從前是英國的殖民地。; 她寫時尚專欄。; 我喜歡莎士比亞的喜劇勝過他的悲劇。; 我們的海外貿易已大大增加。; 那檔電視節目插進的商業廣告太多了，不斷被打斷。; 他蒙冤入獄。; 竊聽裝置藏在筆裡。; 政府承認新的稅收政策是徹底失敗的。; 他不能想像有一天他會沒有工作。; 梳妝臺的抽屜隔成四小格。; 音樂完美地襯托出她的嗓音。; 這是我聽到的最好的恭維話。; 我們向你提供這個行業各方面的綜合培訓。; 這間房是專供客人使用的。; 某些氣體極易爆炸。; 如果發生甚麼麻煩事，告訴我一聲，我會幫忙的。; 不同文化背景的人對世界持有不同的看法。; 他的狀況根本不能自己開車回家。; 我不怎麼認識他。; 比較而言，這台機器用起來很方便。; 愛競爭的人喜歡贏討厭輸。
