She left her entire estate to her niece.; My estimate of the situation is not so optimistic.; The police evacuated the village shortly before the explosion.; The Dukes were the eventual winners of the competition.; She rose to the exalted post of Foreign Secretary.; This cream is for external use only.; He had exhausted his supply of water.; It's not my fault!; They spent ten years in jail for fraud.; An excess of enthusiasm is not always a good thing.; She had a puzzled expression on her face.; She has so many facets to her personality.; They were given food and shelter in exchange for work.; A number of forged works of art have been sold as genuine.; Put the milk back in the fridge.; This offer is available exclusively to our established customers.; Incidentally, I wanted to have a word with you about your travel expenses.; Their arguments inevitably end in tears.; Conflicts between the different ethnic groups in the country exploded into civil war.; It's ironic that the weakest student in mathematics was elected class treasurer.; Cheap organic food is still difficult to come by.; Next week we're going on an excursion.; We built an extension to our house.; His work is a fusion of several different styles of music.; The executions will be carried out by a firing squad.; Britain's exploitation of its natural gas reserves began after the war.; The exploration for new sources of energy is vital for the future of our planet.; Did humans evolve from apes?; Food and fuel prices are very volatile in a war situation.; He came home drunk and vomited all over the kitchen floor.; 她把所有的遺産都留給了自己的姪女。; 我對形勢的估計不那麼樂觀。; 在爆炸前不久，警察將這個村莊裡的人全都疏散了。; 此次比賽的最終贏家是杜克一家。; 她升到了外交部長這個顯赫的位置。; 這種藥膏僅限外用。; 他已耗盡了全部供水。; 不是我的錯！; 他們因為詐騙坐了十年牢。; 過分熱情不見得總是件好事。; 她一臉困惑不解。; 她的性格具有多面性。; 他們幫人工作以換取食宿。; 一些藝術贋品已被當作真品出售。; 把牛奶放回冰箱裡。; 只有本店的老客戶才能享受這個優惠價。; 順便說一句，我打算和你談一下你的開支報銷問題。; 他們的爭論不可避免地以眼淚告終。; 該國不同族群之間的衝突激化，引發了內戰。; 數學最差的學生竟被選為班級財務幹事，真是諷刺。; 便宜的有機食物還是很難取得。; 下星期我們要去遠足。; 我們擴建了我家的房屋。; 他的作品是幾種不同音樂風格的融合。; 將由行刑隊來執行槍決。; 英國對其天然氣資源的開發利用始於戰爭後。; 探測新能源對我們地球的未來極為重要。; 人類是由猿進化而來的嗎？; 戰爭時期食品和燃料的價格極易波動。; 他醉醺醺地回到家裡，在廚房裡吐了一地。
