He drives so fast along those narrow country lanes.; The army must give power back to the legitimate government.; The pharmacy is located within the hospital.; The villagers cultivate mostly maize and beans.; I can't find a matching pair of socks.; She wore a plain black dress.; Humans, dogs, elephants, and dolphins are all mammals.; Work done by machines has replaced manual labor.; They've been having marital problems, apparently.; He is a man more noted for his intellect than his charm.; He suddenly felt an intense pain in his back.; Fighting around the capital has intensified in the last few hours.; We could see a herd of elephants lumbering across the plain.; Injuries notwithstanding, the team won the semifinal.; Tom's sister came over with all her offspring.; Sugar is a major cause of tooth decay.; It's only a minor problem.; The patient was connected to the monitor.; We spent a luxurious weekend at a country hotel.; He's done a marvelous job of the decorating.; It is monstrous to preach hatred.; The British government made it mandatory to wear rear seat belts in cars.; He had some mercenary scheme to marry a wealthy widow.; This does not negate the idea of migratory aptitude.; The merger proved to be very lucrative for both companies.; Does he have a motive for lying about where he was?; She's a native Californian.; They don't seem to grasp the magnitude of the problem.; All she gave him to eat was two minuscule pieces of toast.; I had the misfortune to lose my watch.; 在那些狹窄的鄉間小路上他把車開得飛快。; 軍隊必須將權力交還給合法政府。; 藥局座落在醫院裡面。; 這些村民主要耕種玉米及豆子。; 我找不到兩隻成對的襪子。; 她穿著一件樸素的黑色連身裙。; 人、狗、大象和海豚都是哺乳動物。; 機器生產已經代替了手工勞動。; 顯然他們的婚姻一直有問題。; 相比其魅力，他的才智更為人矚目。; 他突然覺得背部一陣劇痛。; 首都周圍的戰鬥在過去的幾小時裡變得更加激烈。; 我們可以看見遠處有一群大象緩緩穿過平原。; 儘管隊員有傷病，球隊還是在半決賽中獲勝。; 湯姆的姐姐帶著她的一大群子女過來串門子。; 糖是造成蛀牙的主要原因。; 那只是個小問題。; 病人被接上了監測器。; 我們在一家鄉村飯店度過了一個奢華的週末。; 他所做的裝飾真是棒極了。; 向人們鼓吹仇恨，這種行徑太可惡了。; 英國政府強制要求汽車後座乘客佩帶安全帶。; 他有個斂財的詭計，想娶個有錢的寡婦。; 這並沒有否定遷移能力這一概念。; 事實證明，這次兼併使兩間公司都獲利豐厚。; 他有必要隱瞞自己去過哪裡嗎？; 她是土生土長的加州人。; 他們似乎沒有領會到問題的重要性。; 她只給他吃了兩小片烤麵包。; 我運氣真不好弄丟了我的手錶。
