Congress has rejected the latest economic proposal.; These people have very radical views.; The old man recalled the city as it had been before.; Her latest project is a film.; There's every prospect of success.; How did she react to the news?; They are the most promising new band of the year.; For much of his life he suffered from recurring bouts of depression.; There's nothing more refreshing on a hot day than a cold beer.; Your job is to promote the new product.; I've always been prone to headaches.; I remember the night your father proposed to me.; Company's profits are down from last year's figures.; There was a note of profound irritation in his voice.; Promise me that you won't tell her.; He is a professional journalist.; Drugs can slow down the progression of the disease.; Of course there's provision in the plan for population increase.; The proportion of women and men is about five to one.; I've put my proposition to the company director for his consideration.; He'd fly into a rage at the slightest provocation.; Hotel prices in the major cities are high but not prohibitive.; Her reply showed that she was very sensitive to criticism.; If you're constipated you may need a laxative.; This small house is my only property.; The best thing about the location of the house is its proximity to the town center.; Her first novel was published last year in a blaze of publicity.; He was prosecuted for fraud.; I was rebuked by my manager for being late.; He is ill reputed in the business community.; 議會否決了最近提出的經濟提案。; 這些人觀點很偏激。; 這位老人回憶起這座城市之前的樣子。; 她最新的企劃是一部影片。; 有百分之百成功的希望。; 她對這個消息反應如何？; 他們是今年年度最有前途的新進樂團。; 大半生的時間裡，他一再遭受憂鬱症的折磨。; 炎熱的天氣裡，沒有比喝杯冰鎮啤酒更令人感到涼爽的了。; 你的工作是促銷這一新產品。; 我總是容易頭痛。; 我還記得你父親向我求婚的那個晚上。; 從去年的統計數字看，公司的利潤下降了。; 他的語氣中帶有強烈惱怒。; 答應我你不會告訴她。; 他是一位專業的新聞從業人員。; 藥物能減緩疾病的惡化。; 當然這項計劃裡有應對人口增長的措施。; 男女比例大約為五比一。; 我已將我的提議交給公司主管考慮。; 哪怕是稍稍惹他一下他都會勃然大怒。; 大城市裡的旅館費用昂貴，但還能負擔得起。; 她的回答顯示她對批評很敏感。; 便秘時可服用瀉藥。; 這所小房子是我的唯一財產。; 這棟房子地理位置最好的就是鄰近市中心。; 她的第一部小說去年在大張旗鼓的宣傳下出版。; 他因詐騙而被起訴。; 我因為遲到而遭到經理的訓斥。; 他在商界名聲不好。
