He drives so fast along those narrow country lanes.; The army must give power back to the legitimate government.; The pharmacy is located within the hospital.; The villagers cultivate mostly maize and beans.; I can't find a matching pair of socks.; She wore a plain black dress.; Humans, dogs, elephants, and dolphins are all mammals.; Work done by machines has replaced manual labor.; They've been having marital problems, apparently.; He is a man more noted for his intellect than his charm.; He suddenly felt an intense pain in his back.; Fighting around the capital has intensified in the last few hours.; We could see a herd of elephants lumbering across the plain.; Injuries notwithstanding, the team won the semifinal.; Tom's sister came over with all her offspring.; Sugar is a major cause of tooth decay.; It's only a minor problem.; The patient was connected to the monitor.; We spent a luxurious weekend at a country hotel.; He's done a marvelous job of the decorating.; It is monstrous to preach hatred.; The British government made it mandatory to wear rear seat belts in cars.; He had some mercenary scheme to marry a wealthy widow.; This does not negate the idea of migratory aptitude.; The merger proved to be very lucrative for both companies.; Does he have a motive for lying about where he was?; She's a native Californian.; They don't seem to grasp the magnitude of the problem.; All she gave him to eat was two minuscule pieces of toast.; I had the misfortune to lose my watch.; 在那些狭窄的乡间小路上他把车开得飞快。; 军队必须将权力交还给合法政府。; 药局座落在医院里面。; 这些村民主要耕种玉米及豆子。; 我找不到两只成对的袜子。; 她穿着一件朴素的黑色连身裙。; 人、狗、大象和海豚都是哺乳动物。; 机器生产已经代替了手工劳动。; 显然他们的婚姻一直有问题。; 相比其魅力，他的才智更为人瞩目。; 他突然觉得背部一阵剧痛。; 首都周围的战斗在过去的几小时里变得更加激烈。; 我们可以看见远处有一群大象缓缓穿过平原。; 尽管队员有伤病，球队还是在半决赛中获胜。; 汤姆的姐姐带着她的一大群子女过来串门子。; 糖是造成蛀牙的主要原因。; 那只是个小问题。; 病人被接上了监测器。; 我们在一家乡村饭店度过了一个奢华的周末。; 他所做的装饰真是棒极了。; 向人们鼓吹仇恨，这种行径太可恶了。; 英国政府强制要求汽车后座乘客佩带安全带。; 他有个敛财的诡计，想娶个有钱的寡妇。; 这并没有否定迁移能力这一概念。; 事实证明，这次兼并使两间公司都获利丰厚。; 他有必要隐瞒自己去过哪里吗？; 她是土生土长的加州人。; 他们似乎没有领会到问题的重要性。; 她只给他吃了两小片烤面包。; 我运气真不好弄丢了我的手表。
