The sound of martial music is always inspiring.; She is very maternal towards her employees.; The family has a history of mental disorder.; It is one of the great masterpieces of European art.; Drunk drivers are a menace to everyone.; The accident was caused by the negligence of the driver.; The cornea is the transparent membrane that covers the front of the eye.; The tempo was suddenly raised.; Between the eighth week of development and birth a human embryo is called a fetus.; Could you mend this hole in my shirt?; I am obedient to my parents.; I hope I haven't offended you.; He raised one eyebrow in a meaningful way.; She was more mournful than our birds here.; He has a thoughtful approach to his work.; It's difficult to interpret these statistics without knowing how they were obtained.; It is impolite to interrupt the meeting.; The minister intervened personally to stop the museum from being closed.; He likes to show off his masculine physique.; He ordered the massacre of two thousand women and children.; He had got his neck out of the yoke of matrimony.; The issue has been much discussed in the media.; Negotiators were called in to mediate between the two sides.; The Morality Play was a type of religious drama produced in the medieval age.; Mathematics is her favorite subject.; Most zoos try to exhibit animals in naturalistic settings.; She's neurotic about her weight.; He sent us a memorandum about the meeting.; Several millenniums ago, the Taipei basin was a large lake.; We need a minimum of ten people to play this game.; 军乐声总是令人振奋的。; 她对员工十分慈祥。; 这个家庭有精神失常的病史。; 它是欧洲艺术最杰出的作品之一。; 醉酒驾驶者对所有人都构成威胁。; 事故是由司机的疏忽造成的。; 角膜是覆盖在眼球前部的透明膜。; 拍子突然变快了。; 从发育第八周到出生这段时间，人类的胚胎被称作胎儿。; 你能把我衬衫上的这个洞补一下吗？; 我对父母言听计从。; 我希望我未冒犯您。; 他别有一番深意地扬起一道眉毛。; 她比这里的鸟还伤心难过。; 他工作很细心周到。; 不了解这些统计数字是怎样得来的就难以理解它们。; 打断会议是很不礼貌的。; 部长亲自干预以阻止博物馆的关闭。; 他喜欢炫耀他的阳刚之气。; 他下令屠杀了两千名妇女和儿童。; 他已经摆脱了婚姻的枷锁。; 大众媒体对这件事讨论得很多。; 请来了谈判人员为双方调解。; 道德剧是西方中世纪时的一种宗教戏剧。; 数学是她喜欢的科目。; 大多数动物园会尽量在类似自然的环境里展出动物。; 她对自己的体重有些神经质。; 他寄给我们会议备忘录。; 几千年前，现在的台北盆地还是一片湖泊。; 玩这个游戏我们至少需要十个人。
