The organization had been penetrated by a spy.; Sea water percolates down through the rocks.; A foul smell of stale beer permeated the whole building.; The evening performance begins at eight o'clock.; The needle pierces the fabric four times a second.; The tea cups are made of porcelain.; Her penchant for disappearing for days at a time worries her family.; These shoes are too tight, they pinch my feet.; We pitched our tent in the shade.; The charity enjoys the patronage of many prominent local business people.; I give you this ring as a pledge of my everlasting love for you.; The postage for airmail is fifty cents.; Let's talk about teacher's pedagogy.; He studied philology.; He has obtained a degree in psychology.; Keep to the pavement.; Melanin is the dark brown pigment of the hair, skin and eyes.; Gasoline is produced by the refinement of petroleum.; In the summer we have breakfast out on the patio.; A security guard with a dog patrols the building site at night.; Will patrons kindly note that this restaurant will be closed in July.; He won't be able to draw his pension until he's sixty.; Jean plays the guitar and her brother is on percussion.; This charm will protect a man from possession by evil spirits.; After the accident he became a pathetic figure.; The property has a certain rustic charm.; I had my ears pierced and one of them went septic.; There is a paucity of information on the ingredients of many cosmetics.; There are now stiffer penalties for drunken drivers.; She has a very warm personality.; 一名间谍渗入了该组织。; 海水透过岩石渗漏下去。; 整栋楼都散发着变质啤酒的臭味。; 晚上的演出八点开始。; 针穿过布料的速度是每秒钟四次。; 茶杯是瓷制的。; 她喜欢不时失踪几天，这让她的家人非常担心。; 这双鞋太紧了，夹我的脚。; 我们在阴凉处搭帐篷。; 这家慈善机构获得了本地许多重要的商人的赞助。; 我把这枚戒指送给你作为我永志不渝的信物。; 一封航空信的邮资是美金五毛。; 我们来谈谈教育法。; 他研究文献学。; 他已在心理学方面获得学位。; 沿着人行道走。; 黑色素是头发、皮肤和眼睛中的黑褐色色素。; 汽油是由石油经过提炼生产出来的。; 夏天我们在外面露台上吃早餐。; 夜间一名保安带着一只狗在建筑工地巡逻。; 各位老顾客请注意，本店将于七月暂停营业。; 他要等到六十岁以后才能领取养老金。; 琼弹奏吉他，她弟弟演奏打击乐器。; 这个护身符将保护人不致着魔。; 意外后他成了一个可怜人。; 这座宅院有种迷人的田园风情。; 我穿了耳洞，有一只耳朵化脓了。; 许多化妆品没有提供充足的产品成分资讯。; 现在对酗酒开车的处罚更严厉了。; 她个性非常热情。
