The government took measures to stabilize prices.; Efforts to standardize English spellings have not been completely successful.; The zebra is a wild African horse with black and white stripes.; One child per family is fast becoming the norm in some countries.; The satellite is now in a stable orbit.; He's a brilliant performer.; He's done a marvelous job of the decorating.; I was too nervous to speak.; The company is notorious for paying its bills late.; She eats a bowl of cereal every morning.; Rats had burrowed into the bank of the river.; Her arm was bandaged from the elbow to the fingers.; There's a very relaxed atmosphere in our office.; The earth's lithosphere is formed of a rather small number of major plates.; They issued a pamphlet concerning the worsening environment.; You'll have ample opportunity to ask questions after the talk.; The music complements her voice perfectly.; Yellow and blue are complementary colors.; The film propelled him to international stardom.; Propellant is another term for the fuel of a rocket.; She likes everything to be in its proper place.; The dogs pursued their quarry into an empty warehouse.; When it's hot, it's best to quench your thirst with water.; It is questionable whether this goal can be achieved.; We are researching reproduction in elephants.; She is reputed to be twenty years younger than her husband.; How did she respond to the news?; The road was wet and slippery.; In the distance was a solitary building.; The ceasefire will only provide a temporary solution to the crisis.; 政府采取措施稳定物价。; 将英语拼写标准化的努力并不完全成功。; 斑马是一种身体上有黑白条纹的非洲野马。; 每个家庭一个孩子在部分国家正迅速普遍起来。; 卫星目前在稳定的轨道上运行。; 他是个出色的演员。; 他所做的装饰真是棒极了。; 我紧张得说不出话来。; 该公司出了名地喜欢拖欠帐单。; 她每天早上吃一碗麦片。; 老鼠在河岸上打了洞。; 她的手肘到手指全部缠上了绷带。; 我们办公室的气氛非常轻松。; 地球的岩石圈是由少数大板块所组成的。; 他们出了一本有关环境恶化的小册子。; 演讲结束后你们会有足够的时间提问。; 音乐完美地衬托出她的嗓音。; 黄与蓝是互补色。; 这部电影使他成为了国际巨星。; 推进剂是火箭燃料的另一个术语。; 她喜欢所有东西都各有其所。; 那几只狗追逐着猎物进了一个空置的仓库。; 大热天里最好喝水解渴。; 这个目标能否实现还不确定。; 我们正在研究大象的繁殖问题。; 据说她比丈夫小二十岁。; 她听了这消息有甚么反应？; 道路又湿又滑。; 远处是一栋孤零零的建筑。; 停火只能暂时解决危机。
