Age deforms the spine.; My original statement has been completely distorted by the media.; These investments have remained dormant for several years.; She had spent another dreary day in the office.; I have an elementary knowledge of physics.; His tact was exemplary, especially considering the circumstances.; The glass shattered into a thousand tiny pieces.; Psychotherapy helped him to shed some of his insecurity.; The police held up their riot shields against the flying rocks and bricks.; We are planning for our next excursion.; Expansion into new areas of research is possible.; We built an extension to our house.; Chemical analysis revealed a high content of copper.; The army arrived to assist in the search.; She is a personal assistant.; My rent is seven hundred dollars a month inclusive of bills.; The students need intensive courses.; If the drought continues, deaths will occur on a massive scale.; We have a spare room if you want to stay.; Mountain gorillas are an endangered species.; The game drew thousands of spectators.; They have huge arguments because they're both so stubborn.; She spent three months in the studio.; News of the disaster stunned people throughout the world.; It frustrates me that I'm not able to put any of my ideas into practice.; He's been under a lot of strain recently.; There are so many different strands to the plot that it's hard to follow.; A heart shape is the symbol of love.; The dove symbolizes peace.; The need to incorporate a staircase prevented perfect symmetry.; 衰老会导致脊柱变形。; 我最初的说法被媒体彻底歪曲了。; 这些投资好几年都没有甚么动静。; 她在办公室里又度过了枯燥的一天。; 我懂一些基本的物理知识。; 他的策略堪称典范，尤其是考虑到当时的情形。; 玻璃碎成无数块细小的碎片。; 心理疗法帮助他摆脱了一些不安全感。; 员警举着防暴盾牌阻挡飞来的石头和砖块。; 我们正在为下一次的远足作准备。; 拓展新的研究领域是可能的。; 我们扩建了我家的房屋。; 化学分析结果显示出极高的铜含量。; 军队赶到协助搜寻。; 她是个私人助理。; 我的租金是每月七百美元全包。; 这些学生需要密集的课程。; 如果旱情持续，将有大批人死亡。; 要是你想留下来的话，我们有一个空房间。; 山地大猩猩属于濒危物种。; 这场比赛吸引了数千名观众。; 他们俩吵得很凶，因为他们两个人都很固执。; 她在录音室里待了三个月。; 灾难消息使全世界的人震惊。; 我的任何想法都无法付诸实践，这让我很灰心。; 他最近压力很大。; 故事情节的头绪纷乱，很难搞清楚。; 心形是爱的象征。; 鸽子象征和平。; 因为需要加进一个楼梯，就不可能完全对称了。
