Few people are averse to the idea of a free holiday.; The demonstrators walked along the street, carrying banners and shouting angrily.; It is bitter.; It would be no exaggeration to say that her work has saved lives.; The dense foliage overhead almost blocked out the sun.; I thought you left some garbage.; I'm feeling a little fragile.; Western charities were galvanized by TV pictures of starving people.; You can't generalize about a continent as varied as Europe.; What do you infer from her refusal?; The manager is friendly with his inferiors.; The two groups agreed to hold an informal meeting.; She has an outgoing personality.; Many of the students travel in by bus from outlying areas.; It's an area of outstanding natural beauty.; She's the most popular teacher in school.; David's never been much of a scholar.; We live in an increasingly secular society.; I believed him absolutely.; The train is invariably late.; We enjoyed a leisurely picnic lunch on the lawn.; Melanin is the dark brown pigment of the hair, skin and eyes.; Gasoline is produced by the refinement of petroleum.; Each of these products is aimed at a specific market segment.; I was never a particularly academic child.; My father knows everything about aerodynamics.; It can hit a target with an atomic warhead.; The pioneers settled down in the area in spite of the barrenness of the land.; What is your opinion of the effectiveness of this form for evaluating managers?; I'm trying to improve my fitness by cycling to work.; 几乎没有人会反对免费假期这个主意。; 示威者行进在大街上，高举横额，愤怒声讨。; 它是苦的。; 她的工作挽救了很多生命，这样说一点也不夸张。; 头顶上方浓密的枝叶几乎遮住了阳光。; 我以为你丢得是垃圾。; 我感觉自己有点虚弱。; 饥民的照片在电视上播出后，西方的慈善组织倍感震惊，马上行动了起来。; 对于欧洲这样一个异彩纷呈的大陆，你无法一言以蔽之。; 你从她的拒绝中能推断出什么？; 经理对他的部属很友好。; 两个集团同意举行一次非正式会议。; 她性格开朗。; 很多学生乘坐公车从偏远地区到市区上学。; 这地区自然风景极为优美。; 她是学校里最受欢迎的老师。; 戴维从来不是一个善于学习的人。; 我们生活在一个日益世俗化的世界里。; 我绝对相信他。; 火车总是延误。; 中午我们在草地上悠闲地享用了一顿野餐。; 黑色素是头发、皮肤和眼睛中的黑褐色色素。; 汽油是由石油经过提炼生产出来的。; 这些产品都瞄准一个特定的消费族群。; 我从来就不是个特别好学的孩子。; 我爸爸知道所有空气动力学的知识。; 它能以核弹头袭击目标。; 尽管土地荒芜，开拓者们还是在这一带定居下来。; 你认为用这个表评价管理者效果如何？; 我每天骑脚踏车上班，想以此来改善健康状况。
