Which firm will be catering at the wedding reception?; The girl lost her way in the cavern.; It is a crime to counterfeit money.; What genre does the book fall into?; These monuments are a vital part of the cultural heritage of South America.; We had to take the front door off its hinges to get our new sofa into the house.; The teacher drew a diagram showing how the blood flows through the heart.; The jeweler skilfully engraved the initials on the ring.; The thief grabbed the purse and ran away with it.; I went hiking in the mountains.; There's no point hypothesizing about how the accident happened.; The ship struck an iceberg.; All her children will inherit equally.; This drug inhibits the growth of tumors.; Insert the key into the lock.; Mix in half the butter and keep the remaining half for later.; The workers had to live on their savings.; Raise the seedlings in the greenhouse.; The discovery of oil brought many benefits to the town.; They asked us to pay down a deposit.; Elite troops were airlifted to the trouble zone.; The refugees were exhilarated by the news.; A row of reinforced concrete pillars supports the bridge.; The debate is becoming polarized and there seems to be no middle ground.; All diplomatic attempts at a peaceful solution to the crisis have been fruitless.; You feel so helpless because there's nothing you can do to make the child better.; He was found guilty of reckless driving.; All pupils are expected to attend school assembly.; We have roughly similar tastes.; I bought it solely for that purpose.; 将由哪家公司承办婚宴？; 女孩在大洞穴中迷了路。; 伪造货币是犯罪行为。; 这书是什么风格的？; 这些纪念碑是南美文化遗产的重要部分。; 我们不得不把前门从铰炼上卸下来，这样我们的新沙发才搬进了屋子里。; 老师画了一张示意图来说明血液如何进出心脏。; 珠宝商很巧妙地把名字的首字母刻在了戒指上。; 这贼猛地一把抓住钱包逃跑了。; 我去爬山健行。; 假设意外是如何发生根本没有任何意义。; 那艘船撞上了冰山。; 她所有的子女将平分遗产。; 这种药可以抑制肿瘤的生长。; 将锁匙插入锁中。; 将一半奶油掺入，剩下的一半留作以后使用。; 工人们只好靠原有的积蓄生活。; 在温室里培植幼苗。; 石油的发现给该镇带来很多利益。; 他们要求我们支付一笔订金。; 精锐部队被空运到骚乱地区。; 这消息令难民们高兴。; 一排钢筋水泥柱支撑着桥梁。; 辩论变得两极化了，看起来没有中间立场。; 所有试图和平解决这场危机的外交努力都毫无成效。; 你觉得如此无助，是因为你没有办法使那个孩子病情好转。; 他被判鲁莽驾驶罪名成立。; 所有学生都要参加学校集会。; 我们的口味大致相同。; 我仅仅是为那个目的才买的。
