The two cars are exact counterparts in make, model and color.; I want to have this package delivered by motorcycle courier.; He stabs the king with a dagger.; A fish bone had lodged in her throat.; To what do you attribute your longevity?; They decided to merge the two companies into one.; In the summer, the temperature is sometimes forty degrees centigrade.; I'll write to the Congressman of my district about this.; He degraded himself by cheating and telling lies.; The fuel spontaneously ignites because of the high temperature and pressure.; That story inspires me to be a teacher.; The landslide destroyed numerous homes.; She brimmed the cup with tea and offered it to me.; She turned crimson with embarrassment.; The Atlantic Ocean is immense.; The difference between the two results was insignificant.; They inspected the roof for leaks.; She held the bank note up to the light and inspected it carefully.; Seemingly, she's gone to live with another man.; We all love spring.; The story has an underlying theme.; Truthfully speaking, there is no such thing as an elixir in the medical world.; A fir is an evergreen tree with needlelike leaves that grows especially in cold areas.; I don't think the chair is firm enough to stand on.; She differed from early realists as much as cubism from impressionism.; The film shows a certain wit and a refined eclecticism.; Scientists discovered the existence of organisms on this planet.; The alarm emits infrared rays which are used to detect any intruder.; He frequently exhibits at the art gallery.; Where is the emergency exit?; 这两辆汽车的式样、型号和颜色完全一样。; 我想找机车递送员送这个包裹。; 他用一把匕首刺杀国王。; 一根鱼刺卡在她的喉咙里。; 你的长寿归功于哪些因素？; 他们决定将两家公司合并起来。; 夏天温度有时达摄氏四十度。; 关于这件事我要给我区的众议院议员写信。; 他因欺骗、撒谎而损害了自己的人格。; 燃料因高温和高压而自燃。; 这个故事激励我成为一位老师。; 山崩摧毁无数的家。; 她倒满一杯茶给我喝。; 她的脸因难为情而变得通红。; 大西洋浩瀚无边。; 两个结果之间的差别无足轻重。; 他们检查了屋顶看看是否有漏隙。; 她拿起钞票，对着光仔细检查。; 看样子，她去和另外一个男人同居了。; 我们都爱春天。; 这故事有一个潜在的主题。; 真实地说，医学上并没有灵丹妙药这回事。; 冷杉是一种针叶常绿树，尤在寒冷地区生长。; 我觉得这椅子不够稳固，不能站人。; 她与早期那些现实主义作家不同，就象立体主义和印象主义不同一样。; 这电影内容拿捏得很好。; 科学家在这个星球上发现了有机体的存在。; 警报器能发出红外线探测入侵者。; 他经常在艺廊展出作品。; 紧急出口在哪？
