The house needed extensive alterations when we moved in.; There is an alternation of black and white stripes in that cloth.; Water samples taken from streams were analyzed for contamination by chemicals.; He's just trying to advance his own career.; I felt very ambivalent about leaving home.; There were portraits of his ancestors on the walls of the room.; For dessert there's apple pie or fruit.; Eye color is genetically determined.; The diameter measures twice the radius.; The car went out of control and plunged over the cliff.; The company has gained international prestige.; Healthcare should be a right, not a privilege.; There are usually a lot of grasshoppers in the rice fields.; He fell down and grazed his knee.; The future looks grim.; He drew an analogy between the brain and a vast computer.; Social anthropology is one of the social sciences.; I have an apology to make to you.; They're working overtime to get the job done on time.; The older drugs didn't deal effectively with the malaria parasite.; He was perspiring in his thick woolen suit.; My mother is something of an eccentric.; These clothes are made of imported fabrics.; It's ironic that the weakest student in mathematics was elected class treasurer.; It was rainy this morning, but it brightened up after lunch.; It was an interesting book, full of fascinating insights into human relationships.; Few of us can be unmoved by the plight of the refugees.; My uncle bought the house on an impulse.; He stood up and stretched his limbs.; The country needs more men of his timber.; 我们搬进来的时候，房子已经该大修了。; 那匹布黑白条纹相间。; 对水质样本进行分析，来测定溪流是否已受到化学品的污染。; 他只是在努力发展自己的事业。; 要离开家了，我心里喜忧参半。; 房间墙壁上挂着他祖先的画像。; 甜品有苹果派和水果可供选择。; 眼睛的颜色是由遗传基因决定的。; 直径是半径的两倍。; 轿车失去控制坠下悬崖。; 该公司赢得了国际声誉。; 医疗健保应该是权利，而非特权。; 稻田里通常有许多蚱蜢。; 他摔倒时擦伤了膝盖。; 未来一片渺茫。; 他把大脑比作一台庞大的电脑。; 社会人类学是社会科学之一。; 我必须向你道歉。; 他们加班以准时完成这项工作。; 以前的药物不能有效对付引起疟疾的寄生虫。; 他裹在厚厚羊毛西装里的身体直流汗。; 我妈妈有点古怪。; 这些衣服用进口布料制成。; 数学最差的学生竟被选为班级财务干事，真是讽刺。; 今天早晨下雨，但午饭后天晴了。; 这是一本有趣的书，充满了对人际关系独到的见解。; 我们几乎无一不为难民的困难处境而心有所感。; 我叔叔一时冲动买下了那房子。; 他站起来，伸展一下胳膊和腿。; 国家需要更多有他这种才干的人。
