What are the basic constituents of the mixture?; A committee was constituted to investigate into that affair.; The written constitution of the United States was adopted.; The police have disclosed that two officers are under internal investigation.; You may feel a little discomfort for a few days after the operation.; They offer a ten percent discount.; She gave me a beautiful drawing of a horse.; I'm dreading having to meet his parents.; The food was bad and the service was dreadful.; You can grow dwarf conifers in pots on the patio.; Both city and town dweller should pay tax.; There is an estimated shortfall of some five million dwellings across the country.; These pills should ease the pain.; We prepared a feast for the wedding.; She performed remarkable feats of organization for the company.; He knew he had been wrong, and duly apologized.; He was clever, handsome, and exceedingly rich.; This offer is available exclusively to our established customers.; The town was destroyed by the earthquake.; I just can't work up any enthusiasm for the whole project.; She has no faith in modern medicine.; I'd like to make a small donation in my mother's name.; He planned a stay of two years' duration.; She collects first editions of nineteenth century authors.; My mother is something of an eccentric.; Each electron bears a single negative charge.; We would spend every meal time entreating the child to eat her vegetables.; Her eccentricities get stranger by the day.; As the skin grows older it loses its elasticity.; She had no cooking facilities in the room.; 这种混合物的基本成分是甚么？; 制定一个委员会是为了调查那件事。; 美国的成文宪法被通过了。; 警方公布说有两名员警正在接受内部调查。; 在手术后的几天里你可能会感到有些不适。; 他们提供九折折扣。; 她送了我一幅很漂亮的画，上面画着一匹马。; 因为不得不见他的父母，我很害怕。; 食物很差劲，服务也很糟糕。; 你可以在阳台上种些矮小的针叶树盆栽。; 城镇居民都需要纳税。; 据估计全国缺少约五百万套房屋。; 这些药丸能缓解疼痛。; 我们为婚礼准备了盛宴。; 她为公司所做的组织工作成绩斐然。; 他知道自己弄错了，于是便道了歉。; 他聪明、英俊，且非常富有。; 只有本店的老客户才能享受这个优惠价。; 整座城镇被地震毁灭了。; 我就是对整个企划案提不起一点热情。; 她对现代医学没有信心。; 我想以母亲的名义捐献一点。; 他计划停留两年。; 她收藏十九世纪作家著作的初版。; 我妈妈有点古怪。; 每一个电子都带有一个负电荷。; 每次吃饭我们都要费尽功夫哄这孩子吃蔬菜。; 她的那些古怪行为日益变本加厉。; 随着皮肤老化，弹性会慢慢丧失。; 她房间里没有烧煮设备。
