The high concentration of sugars forms a syrup when the sap evaporates.; I'm not exaggerating.; She was exasperated to find nobody at home.; She rose to the exalted post of Foreign Secretary.; This cream is for external use only.; Leaves fall from the trees.; An excess of enthusiasm is not always a good thing.; Firefighters had to retreat from the fierce heat.; You need to speak to someone in the finance department.; Women are still excluded from the club.; They are planning a new nuclear power plant.; All the countries have proclaimed their loyalty to the alliance.; His views are contrary to mine.; There's a marked contrast between his character and hers.; Her family has contributed five thousand dollars to the fund.; His rudeness when we first met didn't dispose me very kindly to him.; After all the trouble she put me to, I didn't feel disposed to help her.; It is ridiculous to dispute about such things.; They were given food and shelter in exchange for work.; The dense foliage overhead almost blocked out the sun.; A number of forged works of art have been sold as genuine.; She could hardly contain her excitement.; The road was covered with fragments of glass from the shattered window.; This shop sells garments of all kinds.; His exclusion from the tennis club hurt him very much.; We are planning for our next excursion.; Expansion into new areas of research is possible.; Excessive exercise can sometimes cause health problems.; This room is for the exclusive use of guests.; Certain gases are highly explosive.; 当树汁中的水分蒸发时，糖分就浓缩成糖浆。; 我不是在夸大其词。; 她因发现没人在家而生气。; 她升到了外交部长这个显赫的位置。; 这种药膏仅限外用。; 叶子从树上掉落。; 过分热情不见得总是件好事。; 消防员面对凶猛的热浪只好撤退。; 你需要和财务部的人谈一谈。; 这间俱乐部仍然不让女性进入。; 他们正在策划一座新的核电厂。; 所有的国家都显示了他们对联盟的忠诚。; 他的看法与我相反。; 他的性格与她形成了鲜明对比。; 她家给这项基金捐了五千美元。; 我们首次会面时他粗暴的态度使我对他没产生甚么好感。; 她给我带来了这么多的麻烦，我可不愿意再帮她了。; 争论这类事情真是可笑。; 他们帮人工作以换取食宿。; 头顶上方浓密的枝叶几乎遮住了阳光。; 一些艺术赝品已被当作真品出售。; 她抑制不住内心的激动。; 马路上到处是车窗的碎玻璃片。; 这家商店销售各式各样的衣服。; 他未被吸收进网球俱乐部，这使他的自尊心大受伤害。; 我们正在为下一次的远足作准备。; 拓展新的研究领域是可能的。; 过度的运动有时也会导致健康问题。; 这间房是专供客人使用的。; 某些气体极易爆炸。
