The new ramp will facilitate the entry of wheelchairs.; My suntan is already fading.; He was charged with possessing a fake passport.; Good morning is a conventional greeting.; I'm not conversant with the rules of chess.; They conversed for some time in whispers.; The passenger pigeon is extinct.; It is obvious how bad movies will impact on children.; All the tomato plants are infected with a virus.; He is a distinguished writer.; My original statement has been completely distorted by the media.; Don't distract her from her studies.; If you need any extra help, just call me.; He rarely used taxis, which he regarded as extravagant.; They took extreme measures to conserve fuel.; They are faithful supporters.; It was a most fruitful discussion, with both sides agreeing to adopt a common policy.; Zoos fulfil an important function in the protection of rare species.; In some of the villages the exterior walls of the houses are painted pink.; He told the extraordinary story of his escape.; He analyzed the various factors.; It took the firefighters several hours to extinguish the flames.; Fur coat have gone out of fashion.; He enjoyed the fellowship of other actors in the company.; The exploration for new sources of energy is vital for the future of our planet.; They are going to hold an international exposition.; The extinction of the dinosaurs occurred millions of years ago.; I love the familiarity of my old chair.; We appreciate your flexibility in dealing with this matter.; You'll have to sign the visitors' book, but it's just a formality.; 新的坡道将可方便轮椅进入。; 我晒黑的肤色已经开始变浅了。; 他被控持有假护照。; 早安是惯用的招呼语。; 我不熟悉西洋棋的规则。; 他们窃窃交谈了一段时间。; 旅鸽已绝种。; 坏电影会对孩子产生冲击是显而易见的。; 所有的番茄植株都染上了一种病毒。; 他是个卓越的作家。; 我最初的说法被媒体彻底歪曲了。; 不要让她在学习上分心。; 如果还需要其他的帮助，尽管打电话给我。; 他很少坐计程车，他认为这是一种奢侈的行为。; 他们采取极端的手段节约燃料。; 他们是忠实的拥护者。; 这是一次富有成果的讨论，双方一致采用共同的政策。; 动物园起着保护珍稀动物的重要功能。; 在一些村子里，房屋外墙被漆成粉红色。; 他讲述了他非凡的逃亡经历。; 他分析了各种因素。; 消防队员花了几个小时才将烈火扑灭。; 皮草大衣已经过时了。; 他和剧团里其他演员的交情不错。; 探测新能源对我们地球的未来极为重要。; 他们打算召开一次国际博览会。; 恐龙在几百万年前已经灭绝。; 我喜欢我的旧椅子给我的那种熟悉感。; 我们感谢您处理这件事的灵活性。; 你得在访客簿上签名，不过这只是例行公事而已。
