She left her entire estate to her niece.; My estimate of the situation is not so optimistic.; Don't evaluate people by their clothes.; Will you two never stop your eternal arguing!; It might take him ages, but he'll do it eventually.; He was exalted to the position of president.; Mr. Jones thought my history essay was terrific.; There was a little hay left.; Please lay the baby on the bed.; The continental masses are being eroded.; Don't sign any contract.; How dare you contradict me!; When the rain came down the crowds started to disperse.; The building of a new dam will displace thousands of people who live in this area.; Family photographs were displayed on the wall.; Her love for him was evident in all that she did.; You seemed a bit hesitant about recommending that restaurant.; Recent developments in the area have brought latent ethnic tension out into the open.; I'll meet you at the down escalator.; People on the tour will be escorted by an expert on archaeology.; French cheeses are exported to many different countries.; It would be no exaggeration to say that her work has saved lives.; There are exceptions for every rule.; The executions will be carried out by a firing squad.; Yoga is said to restore one's inner equilibrium.; Groups of gymnasts are having their physical training in the gymnasium.; You don't want lumps in the sauce.; Did humans evolve from apes?; The women wore black veils that covered all but their eyes.; This issue looks likely to continue to vex the government.; 她把所有的遗产都留给了自己的侄女。; 我对形势的估计不那么乐观。; 不要根据衣着来评价人。; 你们俩永远也争吵不完！; 这或许会花去他很长时间，但最终他会成功的。; 他被提拔当了总裁。; 琼斯先生认为我的历史作业短文写得好极了。; 只剩下一点干草了。; 请把婴儿放在了床上。; 大陆板块正在被侵蚀。; 不要签定任何合约。; 你怎么敢顶撞我！; 雨下来时人群开始四处散开。; 建造新水坝将迫使居住在这一地区的数千人迁往别处。; 墙上展示着家人的照片。; 她所做的一切都清楚地表明她爱他。; 你似乎不是很愿意推荐那家餐厅。; 近来该地区的一些新情况导致民族之间潜在的紧张关系公开化了。; 我会在下面的手扶梯旁跟你碰面。; 游客们将由一位考古学专家陪同前行。; 法国的起司出口到很多国家。; 她的工作挽救了很多生命，这样说一点也不夸张。; 每条规则都有例外。; 将由行刑队来执行枪决。; 据说练瑜伽可以使人恢复内心的平静。; 几组体操运动员正在体育馆里进行体育锻炼。; 谁都不希望调料汁中出现结块。; 人类是由猿进化而来的吗？; 那些女人戴着黑色面纱，把除眼睛之外的所有地方都遮住了。; 这件事看来会继续使政府恼火。
