There is no justification for treating people so badly.; The government has promised to introduce legislation to limit fuel emissions from cars.; Did you write things out in standard notation?; He was murmuring to himself.; The company is ruthless in its pursuit of profit.; The director has really surpassed himself with this new film.; He is a man of strict morality.; She said some really nasty things about him.; The novelty of these toys soon wore off and the children became bored with them.; These drugs are only available on prescription.; The speaker gave an interesting presentation.; I've put my proposition to the company director for his consideration.; It was a productive and fertile period.; There has been a qualitative change in the relationship between the public and the government.; These differences are only quantitative.; The local people showed me great hospitality.; He treated the prisoners with humanity.; I don't like the humanity of this climate.; I have only a vague notion of what she does for a living.; You have a legal obligation to ensure your child receives an education.; We employ people without regard to their political or sexual orientation.; Many people are opting to live in the city rather than in rural localities.; He is a man of lofty ideals.; This music has majesty, power, and passion.; The partitions between the toilets were very thin.; These photographs will affect people's perceptions of war.; I signed a petition against the proposed closure of the local hospital today.; I cannot reveal the identity of my source.; No one doubted that the president was a man of the highest integrity.; He admitted his liability for the accident.; 没有理由如此恶劣地对待他人。; 政府承诺将透过立法来限制汽车废气排放。; 你是全部用标准符号写下来的吗？; 他正喃喃自语。; 公司为追求利润不择手段。; 这位导演凭藉这部新电影实现了真正的自我超越。; 他是个品行极其端正的人。; 她说了一些恶意中伤他的话。; 孩子们对这些玩具的新鲜感很快就消失了，开始厌倦起来。; 这些药只能凭处方购买。; 演讲者发表了有趣的内容。; 我已将我的提议交给公司主管考虑。; 这是个丰收的时期。; 民众和政府之间的关系有了性质上的改变。; 这些只不过是数量上的不同而已。; 当地人对我非常地热情友好。; 他人道地对待那些犯人。; 我不喜欢这种潮湿的天气。; 我不太清楚她靠什么谋生。; 法律规定你有义务确保自己的孩子接受教育。; 我们聘请员工时并不考虑其政治或性取向。; 许多人选择住在城市里而不是农村地区。; 他是一个有崇高理想的人。; 这首乐曲富有气势、力量和激情。; 厕所间的隔板很薄。; 这些照片会影响人们对战争的看法。; 今天我在反对关闭当地医院的请愿书上签了名。; 我不能透露我的消息来源。; 没有人怀疑总裁是个光明磊落的人。; 他承认自己对这起事故应负责任。
