Reports of child abuse aroused public indignation.; The government did nothing to curb inflation.; The innovation of air travel during this century has made the world seem smaller.; I just had an intuition that you'd been involved in an accident.; Irrigation is needed to make crops grow in dry areas.; You should slow down as you approach the junction.; The peace initiative was welcomed by both sides.; The legislation must be applied irrespective of someone's ethnic origins.; Hands and feet are locomotive organs; I think everyone should be able to die with dignity.; The country is no longer one political entity.; He warned against making hasty decisions.; They don't seem to grasp the magnitude of the problem.; His answers were obscure and confusing.; What perfume are you wearing?; They could look at the spectrum of the light the moons reflected.; She is now at the summit of her career.; He was summoned to appear in court as a witness.; The government should act to curb tax evasion.; She demanded to see the school's curriculum.; This has been a turbulent week for the administration.; I don't want to make a fuss over such a trifle.; Books provide children with ideas and a stimulus for play.; Viruses may be present in tap water.; Some people like fatty meat, whereas others hate it.; He whirled her around until she felt quite sick.; I could hear the old man behind me wheezing.; He wrenched the knob off when he was trying to open the door.; The people live in wretched conditions, with no running water.; Her face was seamed with wrinkles.; 有关摧残儿童的报导激起了公众的义愤。; 政府没有采取措施遏制通货膨胀。; 本世纪空中旅行的革新使世界似乎变小了。; 我只是凭直觉感到你卷入了一次意外。; 要使庄稼在干旱地区生长就需灌溉。; 接近交叉口时你应该减速。; 和平倡议受到了双方的欢迎。; 这项法律不分族裔，适用于所有人。; 手和脚是运动器官。; 我认为每个人都应该死得有尊严。; 这个国家不再是一个统一的政治实体了。; 他警告过不要仓促作出决定。; 他们似乎没有领会到问题的重要性。; 他的回答模糊不清，令人费解。; 你用的是什么香水？; 他们可以观察月亮反射的光的光谱。; 她现在正处在事业的顶峰。; 他被传唤出庭作证。; 政府应该采取行动抑制逃税。; 她要求看学校的所有课程内容。; 对政府来讲，这是动荡多事的一周。; 我不想为这种小事大惊小怪。; 书不仅给孩子们以思想，而且使他们玩得更有意思。; 病毒可以存在自来水中。; 有些人喜欢肥肉，而有些人却不喜欢。; 他带着她旋转，直到她觉得非常恶心。; 我能听到身后的老人的喘息声。; 他开门时把门把手拧了下来。; 这些人住在不好的生活环境，连自来水都没有。; 她脸上布满皱纹。
