Joining a club can be a therapy for loneliness.; Wear thermal underwear in the winter.; It gave me a real thrill to see her again after so many years.; Many experts remain skeptical of his claims.; He is a professor of statistics.; The generals discussed their tactics.; They are going to hold an international exposition.; I used my driver's license as identification.; I learned the song by imitation.; Bonus payments provide an incentive to work harder.; Fever may be indicative of an infection.; I have tentative plans to take a trip to Seattle in July.; It makes the transition from the old conception to the new.; We'll transplant the flowers to the garden.; He pulled the trigger and the bottle was shot to pieces.; Have you tried changing the fuse?; The two cities are at approximately the same latitude.; The line of zero degree longitude passes through Greenwich.; The pendulum in the grandfather clock swung back and forth.; Once you push it, it keeps going under its own momentum.; A mixture of selected funds is an optimum choice for future security and return on investment.; He gave me an extremely curt answer.; He was an amateur singer.; The president welcomed her visitors with the usual courtesies.; The big match tonight is England versus Spain.; The company used to give discretionary bonus payments.; The chorus were very good.; The women wore black veils that covered all but their eyes.; If you have a gas fire in a room, you should have some kind of outside vent.; The plan was vetoed by the government.; 加入俱乐部可能是消解孤独的一种方法。; 冬天要穿保暖的内衣裤喔。; 这么多年以后与她重逢，着实令我激动。; 很多专家对他的主张仍然持怀疑态度。; 他教授统计学。; 将军们讨论他们的战术。; 他们打算召开一次国际博览会。; 我用驾驶执照作为身分证明。; 我透过模仿学会了这支歌。; 支付奖金能激励人们更努力工作。; 发烧可能表明受了感染。; 我暂定七月去西雅图旅行。; 它使老的观念向新的观念转变。; 我们将把这些花儿移栽到花园里。; 他扣动扳机，瓶子当即被打得粉碎。; 你有没试过换根保险丝？; 这两个城市差不多位于同一纬度上。; 经度零度线穿过格林威治。; 落地钟的钟摆来回摆动。; 一旦你推动了它，它就会在自己的动量作用下持续运动。; 同时选择几种基金是确保未来投资安全和投资收益的最佳选择。; 他给我极为草率的答覆。; 他是位业余的歌手。; 总统以惯常的礼仪规格欢迎来访者。; 今晚的大赛是英国对西班牙。; 公司过去常常会酌情发放一些奖金。; 这支合唱团很有水准。; 那些女人戴着黑色面纱，把除眼睛之外的所有地方都遮住了。; 如果你的屋里有煤气炉，那你就应该有个通向外面的排气口。; 这个计划被政府否定了。
