We need good food to nourish the starving infants.; He believes that Europe must create closer ties or it will perish.; He stopped at a bar for a little refreshment.; The concert will be broadcast in stereo.; He doesn't conform to the national stereotype of a Frenchman.; She is her own sternest critic.; Here was a deadlock in strategic thought.; The group has made strides to expand internationally.; This is the goal we are striving toward.; As a young person he had more catholic tastes than he does now.; The new building has little esthetic value; Henceforth his life would never be the same again.; He was there and saw what happened, so his is the only authentic account.; You'll have to be very diplomatic if you want him to approve of the plan.; Many employees have had to take drastic cuts in pay.; Automation of the factory has greatly increased its productivity.; He devoted all his life to China's aviation.; Many forged notes are in circulation.; The evidence she uses is usually highly authoritative.; This drug has a cumulative effect.; It's a moving narrative of wartime adventure.; We shuttled the passengers to the city center by helicopter.; She was concentrating on her book and his voice startled her.; The room was painted a subtle shade of pink.; We can contrive without meat.; Her feeling of depression was transient.; Stanley traversed the continent from west to east.; It's part of a drive to cut government expenditure.; Two of her ribs fractured when she was thrown from her horse.; I bought some miniature furniture for my niece's doll's house.; 我们需要好食品来养育这些挨饿的婴儿。; 他认为整个欧洲必须建立更紧密的联系，否则就会灭亡。; 他在一家小吃店前停下买些点心饮料。; 音乐会将用立体声播放。; 他不符合一般人心目中法国人的形象。; 她对自己非常苛刻。; 这是战略思想上的一个僵局。; 这个集团在拓展国际市场方面获得很大的进展。; 这是我们奋斗的目标。; 他年轻的时候兴趣比现在要广泛得多。; 新楼几乎没有什么美学价值。; 从今以后他的生活将不再像从前一样。; 他在现场，并看到了事情的经过，所以他的叙述是唯一可靠的说法。; 如果你要他同意这个计划，你必须十分注意策略。; 许多员工不得不接受大幅降薪。; 该厂的自动化大大提高了它的生产力。; 他的一生都奉献给了中国的航空事业。; 许多假钞在流通。; 她采用的证据通常都具有很高的可信度。; 这种药有渐增的效力。; 这是对战时经历的感人叙述。; 我们使用直升机往返不停地将旅客运送到市中心。; 她正在聚精会神地看书，被他的声音吓了一跳。; 房间被刷成了淡粉色。; 没有肉我们也能设法料理。; 她的压抑心情一会儿就过去了。; 史丹利自西向东穿越了整个大陆。; 这是削减政府开支的一个方法。; 她从马上摔下来，折断了两根肋骨。; 我为侄女的玩具屋买了一些模型家具模型。
