I was completely shafted by my company.; The suggestion is sheer nonsense.; A shipment of urgent medical supplies is expected to arrive very soon.; He looks robust and healthy enough.; They have huge arguments because they're both so stubborn.; She spent three months in the studio.; Mira revealed hitherto unsuspected talents on the dance floor.; Most societies have their own creation myths.; They are plotting to overthrow the government.; David is very enthusiastic about the plan.; We had a fantastic time.; These differences are probably genetic.; The two playwrights worked in close collaboration on the script.; People from different cultures have different conceptions of the world.; He has a long record of previous convictions for similar offences.; A lot of money went on wining and dining prospective clients.; A competitive person loves to win and hates to lose.; This is the fifth consecutive weekend that I've spent working.; The president said he would not go against sound military doctrine.; They used to extract iron ore from this site.; Police officers uncovered an intricate web of deceit.; Sheep are grazing in the lush green pastures.; Premature babies are kept alive in incubators.; Certain truck gasoline tanks can rupture and burn in a collision.; Oysters are a local speciality of the area.; The Australian team soon demonstrated their superiority over the opposition.; She does a lot of work for charity.; I've deputed Jason to speak for me at the conference.; The problem of poverty is particularly acute in rural areas.; Many conquered nations had to pay tribute to the rulers of ancient Rome.; 我被公司骗惨了。; 这个建议纯粹是胡言乱语。; 一批急需的药品预计很快就到。; 他看起来非常强壮健康。; 他们俩吵得很凶，因为他们两个人都很固执。; 她在录音室里待了三个月。; 时至今日，米拉已经显示出在舞蹈方面潜藏的非凡才能。; 大多数社会都有自己的创世神话。; 他们密谋推翻政府。; 大卫对该项计划十分热心。; 我们玩得很痛快。; 这些差别大概是遗传上的差别。; 两位剧作家密切合作编写这个剧本。; 不同文化背景的人对世界持有不同的看法。; 他有多次类似罪行的犯罪记录。; 很多钱都花在宴请潜在客户上了。; 爱竞争的人喜欢赢讨厌输。; 这是我连续第五个周末加班。; 总统说他不会反对行之有效的军事学说。; 他们曾经在这个地方开采铁矿。; 警官揭开了一整套错综复杂的骗局。; 羊在青翠葱绿的牧场上吃草。; 早产婴儿放在保温箱里保育。; 某些卡车的油箱在碰撞时可能发生爆裂并起火。; 牡蛎是当地的特产。; 澳洲队很快在对手面前显示出他们的优势。; 她做了很多慈善工作。; 我已委托杰森代表我在会上发言。; 贫穷问题在农村地区尤为严重。; 许多被征服的国家要向古罗马的统治者纳贡。
