John is apt to be impulsive.; He attempted to escape through a window.; Violence erupted in the city on Friday night.; He has acquired a reputation for being difficult to work with.; The first trial ended in a hung jury, the second in acquittal.; Where is the headquarter of your company?; They kept up the masquerade of being happily married for over thirty years.; Our golf club is run by a very unfriendly clique of people.; Students take turns critiquing each other’s work.; Make sure you are given a receipt.; We had to recompense the peasants for the loss of their goats.; It is hoped that the dispute will be settled without recourse to litigation.; The mountain air will rejuvenate you.; The security guard relented and let them through.; He repented just hours before he died.; He is a pianist with a wide repertoire.; Tina as a child was a replica of her mother.; I find your attitude towards these women quite repugnant.; He lacked the requisite skills for the job.; The universities constitute a reservoir of expert knowledge.; She's a resilient girl.; She retains a clear memory of her school days.; The two little sisters had carried the canaries in their cage out on the balcony.; It is just a cursory examination.; He made some derogatory comment about her appearance.; Our inventory of used cars is the best in town.; He is a legendary figure to these young college students.; He had some mercenary scheme to marry a wealthy widow.; What was their response to your query?; Prince Charles does not escape raillery from others.; 约翰易于冲动。; 他企图跳窗逃跑。; 暴力事件在周五晚上在城市中爆发了。; 据说很难跟他共事。; 第一次审判因为陪审团意见不一致而未能作出裁定，第二次审判以宣判无罪告终。; 你们公司的总部在哪？; 三十多年来他们一直假装婚姻很幸福。; 我们的高尔夫球俱乐部是由一小群很不友好的家伙管理的。; 学生们轮流评论彼此的作品。; 记得要拿收据喔。; 我们得赔偿农民损失的山羊。; 人们希望这场争端能够不透过对簿公堂在私下解决。; 山里的空气会使你恢复活力。; 保安最后同意了，给他们放了行。; 在临死前数小时，他才做了忏悔。; 他是位能演奏很多曲子的钢琴师。; 蒂娜小的时候和她妈妈简直一模一样。; 我觉得你对待这些女性的态度非常令人反感。; 他缺少从事这项工作所必需的技能。; 大学是专业知识的宝库。; 她是个适应力很强的女孩。; 她对自己的学生时代有着清晰的记忆。; 小姐妹俩把笼子里的两只金丝雀放到阳台上。; 这只是粗略的检查。; 他对她的相貌贬低了一番。; 我们卖的二手车是城里最好的。; 对于这些年轻的大学生而言，他是个传奇性的人物。; 他有个敛财的诡计，想娶个有钱的寡妇。; 对于你的疑问他们的回覆是什么？; 查尔斯王子也难逃人们善意的嘲弄。
