It was a desperate attempt to salvage the situation.; The soldiers laid siege to the city.; It was clear that they must have obtained the information by subterfuge.; He gets paid a good wage, because he works for a fair employer.; After his heart attack the doctor put him on a strict regimen.; Her hair is thick and glossy.; My mind boggles at the amount of money they spend on food.; I saw you ogling the woman in the red dress!; The joint venture ended in a legal wrangle between the two companies.; Love reigned supreme in her heart.; The couple share a love of gourmet cooking.; The country has been governed by military regimes.; She can't stand heights and has always suffered from vertigo.; What is it about Harry Potter that so engrosses children?; He fell down and grazed his knee.; I used to take a walk in the quiet grove.; The cities are full of migrants looking for work.; A drunk in the station was haranguing passers-by.; At university she developed an interest in etymology.; She was a child prodigy on the violin.; Modern technology is amazing.; It's a very delicate situation and I've no wish to antagonize him.; She cited three reasons why people get into debt.; You can't function properly when you're deprived of sleep.; Many English words are derived from Latin.; I have no desire to have children.; He was a despot with a heart of granite.; She regarded him with wide, guileless blue eyes.; The fuel spontaneously ignites because of the high temperature and pressure.; I hadn't prepared a speech so I suddenly had to improvise.; 挽回这种局面的希望渺茫。; 士兵们包围了这座城市。; 很明显，他们一定是靠花招弄到那些资料。; 他的薪水很不错，因为他的老板奖惩公平。; 他的心脏病发作后，医生给他制订了严格的生活规则。; 她的头发浓密亮泽。; 我很难以想像他们为甚么在食物上花那么多钱。; 我看到你色迷迷地盯着那个穿红色连衣裙的女人！; 这家合资企业最终陷入了一场那两家公司间旷日持久官司。; 爱情完全占据了她的心。; 这夫妇俩都有烹饪美食的嗜好。; 这个国家现在由军政府控制。; 她恐高，总是会感到眩晕。; 哈利波特的什么方面让孩子们如此着迷？; 他摔倒时擦伤了膝盖。; 过去我常在那安静的小树林里散步。; 城市里到处是寻找工作的移民。; 一名醉汉在车站大声训斥路人。; 上大学时她对词源学产生了兴趣。; 她是神童小提琴手。; 现代技术很神奇。; 这是一种很棘手的局面，而我无意使他和我反目成仇。; 她举出了人们负债的三个原因。; 如果被剥夺了睡眠，人体就无法正常运作。; 许多英文字源于拉丁语。; 我没有想要孩子的愿望。; 他是个铁石心肠的暴君。; 她瞪着一双纯真无邪的蓝色大眼睛看着他。; 燃料因高温和高压而自燃。; 我没有准备演讲，所以突然之间我只好即兴讲几句。
