The prize winners each receive a book with their names inscribed on the first page.; The book contains numerous plagiarized passages.; The drug is often prescribed for ulcers.; The judge was reviled in the newspapers for his opinions on rape.; The book has sublime descriptive passages.; The campaign has received widespread support.; During the dig, the archaeological team found some relics from the Stone Age.; I was swayed by her rhetoric into donating all my savings to the charity.; It is a sophomoric sense of humor.; He took an avid interest in the project.; You can read all the lurid details of the affair in today's paper.; The two older children tend to vie with the younger one for their mother's attention.; His arrival cast a blight on the wedding day.; It was an interesting book, full of fascinating insights into human relationships.; It was a nightmare.; She turned crimson with embarrassment.; I wonder what it is that impels him to exercise all the time.; He was caught trying to impersonate a security guard.; As a tourist, you are importuned for money the moment you step outside your hotel.; He stood up and stretched his limbs.; He went to Mecca as a pilgrim.; Aspirin should not be given to young children.; He hoodwinked us into agreeing.; They denied inciting the crowd to violence.; The organization is stifled by bureaucratic inertia.; She was infatuated with her boss.; The universe is theoretically infinite.; Most people feel that there is something almost inhuman about perfection.; The company was declared insolvent.; It is part of a teacher's job to instil confidence into his or her students.; 每名获奖者都得到一本首页题有他们签名的书。; 该书有许多段是抄袭的。; 这种药通常是开来治疗溃疡的。; 这位法官因其对强奸的观点被报纸骂了个狗血淋头。; 这本书中有一些非常优美的描写段落。; 这场运动得到广泛支持。; 在发掘过程中，考古队发现了一些石器时代的遗迹。; 她巧言善辩，说得我服服帖帖，把全部储蓄都捐给了慈善机构。; 这是幼稚的幽默感。; 他对这个企划案产生了极大的兴趣。; 今天的报纸上对这件事骇人听闻的细节描写得淋漓尽致。; 两个大一点的孩子正在和小的争宠，都想博得妈妈的注意。; 他的到来破坏了大喜之日的气氛。; 这是一本有趣的书，充满了对人际关系独到的见解。; 这是个噩梦。; 她的脸因难为情而变得通红。; 我不知道是什么原因驱使他整天都在锻炼身体。; 他假扮警卫被抓获。; 作为游客，你一跨出旅馆就会被人缠住要钱。; 他站起来，伸展一下胳膊和腿。; 他去麦加朝圣。; 不应给儿童服用阿司匹灵。; 他骗取我们的同意。; 他们否认煽动群众闹事。; 官僚主义的惰性扼杀了这个组织。; 她对她的老板很着迷。; 从理论上来讲，宇宙是无边无际的。; 大多数人认为完美几乎可以说是凡人难以臻至的。; 该公司被宣布无清偿能力。; 教师的部分职责是逐渐培养学生的信心。
