Ducks are ungainly on land.; An unruly mob broke down police barricades and stormed the courtroom.; Everyone was shocked by his unseemly conduct.; Credit controls are anathema to the government.; He ordered the massacre of two thousand women and children.; She is one of the rising stars in the political firmament.; Never tolerate discrimination or harassment of any kind.; They kept on going, even through the inclement weather.; The children lament the death of their mother.; His aristocratic mien and expensive clothes singled him out.; She was mimicking me.; What's the most economical way of heating this building?; On the floor, amid mounds of books, were two small envelopes.; Adverts must not create a misleading impression.; It's important to keep the joint mobile while it heals.; It is a balmy summer evening.; There is often a dichotomy between what politicians say and what they do.; Over two hundred people attended the funeral.; They expanded their retail operations.; My brother's in business.; Conflicts between the different ethnic groups in the country exploded into civil war.; Her face was gaunt and grey.; Before his eyes was a sea of jubilant people.; The central character is a malevolent witch out for revenge.; After a year spent in solitary confinement, he publicly recanted.; You can see many remnants of the Roman civilization in Italy.; In those situations, savant syndrome may appear.; Sales of nerve gas antidotes increased dramatically before the war.; That smell always evokes memories of my old school.; Very high taxes have recently been imposed on cigarettes.; 鸭子在陆地上笨笨的。; 一伙暴徒捣毁了警察设置的路障冲进法庭。; 大家都被他不得体的举动吓坏了。; 信贷控制令政府极为反感。; 他下令屠杀了两千名妇女和儿童。; 她是政界冉冉升起的新星之一。; 不允许任何岐视及骚扰行为。; 即使天气恶劣，他们还是执意要去。; 孩子们哀悼母亲的去世。; 高贵的气质和时尚的衣着令他十分引人注目。; 她正在模仿我。; 给这栋大楼供应暖气，怎样做才是最经济的方法？; 地板上的书堆里有两个小信封。; 广告不应有误导性。; 在关节痊愈时，保持关节活动是很重要的。; 这是个温和宜人的夏夜。; 政治家的言行之间常有天壤之别。; 二百多人参加了葬礼。; 他们扩大了零售业务。; 我哥哥经商。; 该国不同族群之间的冲突激化，引发了内战。; 她瘦削的脸面如死灰。; 他眼前是一片欢腾的人海。; 主角是一个想复仇的恶毒女巫。; 在被单独监禁了一年后，他公开宣布放弃。; 在义大利，你可以看到许多罗马文明的遗迹。; 在这些情况下，学者症候群就可能出现。; 在战争爆发前，神经毒气解毒剂销量激增。; 那种气味经常唤起我对母校的回忆。; 最近对香烟开征很高的税。
