Security did not prevent an interloper from getting onto the stage.; Did you hear the intermittent sound outside?; The minister intervened personally to stop the museum from being closed.; In some languages, the word order in questions is inverted.; She always has a witty rejoinder to any question.; She knitted an astounding purple scarf.; We saw photographs of the doting father with the baby on his knee.; His handwriting is illegible.; She affirmed her intention to apply for the post.; His letter confirmed everything.; I could see by the look on their faces that something was amiss.; Just ahead of us there was a huge fissure.; An underlying pessimism infuses all her novels.; The discovery of oil brought many benefits to the town.; Elite troops were airlifted to the trouble zone.; The typist omitted the last line.; His proposal was no jest.; She looked a bit dejected when they told her she didn't get the job.; This is a very subjective judgment of her abilities; It still rankles that she got promoted, and I didn't.; The novel deals with the polar opposites of love and hate.; The word "woman" is singular.; Favorable weather yielded a good crop.; He makes his views abundantly clear.; He is a burly policeman.; Today's newspaper gives all the ghastly details of the murder.; Holding her painful back, she sat down gingerly on the bench.; Rainy days give me a feeling of melancholy.; The commander rallied his tired soldiers and they fought off the enemy at last.; I'll have to improve my slovenly habits.; 保安人员没有阻止一名闯入者登上舞台。; 你听见外面断断续续的声音了吗？; 部长亲自干预以阻止博物馆的关闭。; 在一些语言里，疑问句的词序是颠倒的。; 任何问题她总能机敏诙谐地应对。; 她织了一条令人吃惊的紫色围巾。; 我们看到照片上父亲十分宠爱地把婴儿放在膝盖上。; 他的笔迹很难认。; 她承认自己有意应征这个职位。; 他的信证实了一切。; 我从他们的神情上看出，有些事情出了差错。; 离我们不远处，出现一个大裂缝。; 她所有的小说中都暗含着一种悲观主义情绪。; 石油的发现给该镇带来很多利益。; 精锐部队被空运到骚乱地区。; 打字元遗漏了最后一行。; 他的建议不是开玩笑。; 当她知道未能得到那份工作时，她脸上露出一丝失望的表情。; 这是对她能力的一个非常主观的评价。; 她升职了，而我却没有，这事一直让我耿耿于怀。; 这部小说涉及爱和恨的两个对立面。; woman这个单字是单数形式。; 好天气带来了好收成。; 他把自己的观点讲得极其清楚与充分。; 他是个魁武的警察。; 今天的报纸登出了谋杀案的全部细节，令人毛骨悚然。; 她用手按着疼痛的背部，小心翼翼地坐在长椅上。; 雨天给我一种忧郁的感觉。; 指挥官重整疲惫不堪的士兵，最后他们终于击退敌人。; 我得改变自己邋遢的习惯。
