The prime minister has joined the fracas over the proposed changes.; I will be frank with you.; The office was a scene of frenzied activity this morning.; The sound of a flute wafted down the stairs.; We found a bountiful supply of coconuts on the island.; The food was bad and the service was dreadful.; They are faithful supporters.; This painting perfectly exemplifies the naturalistic style which was so popular at the time.; This country will fortify the coastal areas.; The proposals were unpopular and were only accepted in a modified form.; I'm trying to arrange my work so that I can have a couple of days off next week.; The government has tried to assuage the public's fears.; He faced a barrage of questions over his handling of the problem.; I don't begrudge him his freedom.; Tobacco smoke is a carcinogen.; The actor's work for charity has recently been disparaged in the press as an attempt to get publicity.; She emerged from the sea.; He would never do anything to endanger his children.; They were forced to forage for clothing and fuel.; Use a thermometer to gauge the temperature.; From the age of three, she showed signs of genius.; The study is in the Journal of the American Geriatrics Society.; We had to take the front door off its hinges to get our new sofa into the house.; He had been a strict father but was indulgent towards his grandchildren.; The law obliges companies to pay decent wages to their employees.; These murders have provoked outrage across the country.; His numerous progeny are scattered all over the country.; I sat down to a cup of wonderfully pungent Turkish coffee.; He revenged himself on her.; It is a sage advice.; 首相也加入到有关拟议改革的激烈争论中来了。; 坦白跟你说吧。; 今天上午办公室里乱哄哄的。; 长笛的声音飘到了楼下。; 我们发现岛上有充足的椰子。; 食物很差劲，服务也很糟糕。; 他们是忠实的拥护者。; 这幅油画是那个时期风靡一时的自然主义风格的完美典范。; 该国将加强沿海地区的防御。; 这些建议不受欢迎，修改之后才得以接受。; 我正设法把工作安排好，以便下周能够休息两天。; 政府努力消除公众的恐慌。; 就该问题的处理方式，他受到了接二连三的质问。; 我并不羡慕他的自由。; 香烟烟雾是致癌物质。; 该演员为慈善事业所做的工作近来被报纸说成是想出名。; 她浮出了海面。; 他不会做任何危及孩子的事。; 他们不得不去搜索衣服和燃料。; 用温度计测量一下温度。; 从三岁起，她就表现出了天赋。; 这项研究被发表在美国老年医学学会期刊上。; 我们不得不把前门从铰炼上卸下来，这样我们的新沙发才搬进了屋子里。; 他曾是个严厉的父亲，但对孙子孙女却很娇惯。; 法律强制公司向其雇员支付适当的工资。; 这些谋杀事件激起了全国公众的愤慨。; 他有很多后裔，遍布在全国各地。; 我坐下来喝了一杯味道浓醇的土耳其咖啡。; 他向她报仇了。; 这是个明智的忠告。
