The music became monotonous after a while.; She's too parsimonious to heat the house properly.; This clay pot is porous.; One must be a living man and a posthumous artist.; Many borrowers now find themselves caught in a precarious financial position.; The stock market's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors.; A precocious child, she went to university at the age of fifteen.; He is one of the world's most prestigious conductors.; He was always punctilious in his manners.; The lovers met at a secret rendezvous in the park.; It is a scrumptious cake.; He made a solicitous enquiry after her health.; He ran up stupendous debts through his extravagant lifestyle.; The report was marred by a mass of superfluous detail.; The problem is I find most forms of exercise so tedious.; He brought along his wife, a vivacious blonde.; Her voluminous silk dress billowed out behind her.; They must take a break from their voracious consumption.; I hardly deserve the praises that were bestowed upon me.; Don't be browbeaten into working more hours than you want.; Rats had burrowed into the bank of the river.; This hospital was endowed by the citizens in the sixteenth century.; Can atheists be buried in hallowed ground?; Her renown spread across the country.; It is a rowdy party.; We made a vow to stay friends forever.; A convoy of trucks containing supplies was sent to the famine area.; The company is reconsidering the way in which it deploys its staff.; How many people does your company employ?; The store sells women's and children's apparel.; 过了一会儿音乐变得单调起来。; 她太节俭了，连给房子供足暖气都舍不得。; 这个泥罐渗水。; 艺术家总是生前无人问，身后有人闻。; 许多借款人现在发现自己陷入不稳定的财务状况。; 股票市场的猛跌吓坏了国外投资者。; 她智力超乎寻常，十五岁就上了大学。; 他是世界上最有声望的指挥家之一。; 他的举止总是循规蹈矩。; 恋人们在公园中偷偷约会。; 这是个极好吃的蛋糕。; 他十分关切地询问了她的健康状况。; 他那种奢侈的生活方式使他债台高筑。; 这篇报告坏就坏在里面细枝末节的东西太多。; 问题是我觉得大多数形式的锻炼都很乏味。; 他带着妻子，一位活泼迷人的金发美女。; 她穿的那条宽松的丝绸长裙在身后鼓起来了。; 他们那种贪婪的消费必须停止了。; 我担当不起这样的夸赞。; 别被唬住去加班工作。; 老鼠在河岸上打了洞。; 这所医院是十六世纪的市民捐建的。; 无神论者能葬在圣地里吗？; 她的名声传遍了全国。; 这是个吵闹的派对。; 我们发誓永远做朋友。; 一支满载补给品的车队被派往饥荒严重的地区。; 詃公司在重新考虑其员工的使用之道。; 你们公司雇有多少员工？; 这家商店出售女装和童装。
