The government took measures to stabilize prices.; Efforts to standardize English spellings have not been completely successful.; The zebra is a wild African horse with black and white stripes.; One child per family is fast becoming the norm in some countries.; The satellite is now in a stable orbit.; He's a brilliant performer.; He's done a marvelous job of the decorating.; I was too nervous to speak.; The company is notorious for paying its bills late.; She eats a bowl of cereal every morning.; Rats had burrowed into the bank of the river.; Her arm was bandaged from the elbow to the fingers.; There's a very relaxed atmosphere in our office.; The earth's lithosphere is formed of a rather small number of major plates.; They issued a pamphlet concerning the worsening environment.; You'll have ample opportunity to ask questions after the talk.; The music complements her voice perfectly.; Yellow and blue are complementary colors.; The film propelled him to international stardom.; Propellant is another term for the fuel of a rocket.; She likes everything to be in its proper place.; The dogs pursued their quarry into an empty warehouse.; When it's hot, it's best to quench your thirst with water.; It is questionable whether this goal can be achieved.; We are researching reproduction in elephants.; She is reputed to be twenty years younger than her husband.; How did she respond to the news?; The road was wet and slippery.; In the distance was a solitary building.; The ceasefire will only provide a temporary solution to the crisis.; 政府採取措施穩定物價。; 將英語拼寫標準化的努力並不完全成功。; 斑馬是一種身體上有黑白條紋的非洲野馬。; 每個家庭一個孩子在部分國家正迅速普遍起來。; 衛星目前在穩定的軌道上運行。; 他是個出色的演員。; 他所做的裝飾真是棒極了。; 我緊張得說不出話來。; 該公司出了名地喜歡拖欠帳單。; 她每天早上吃一碗麥片。; 老鼠在河岸上打了洞。; 她的手肘到手指全部纏上了繃帶。; 我們辦公室的氣氛非常輕鬆。; 地球的岩石圈是由少數大板塊所組成的。; 他們出了一本有關環境惡化的小冊子。; 演講結束後你們會有足夠的時間提問。; 音樂完美地襯托出她的嗓音。; 黃與藍是互補色。; 這部電影使他成為了國際巨星。; 推進劑是火箭燃料的另一個術語。; 她喜歡所有東西都各有其所。; 那幾隻狗追逐著獵物進了一個空置的倉庫。; 大熱天裡最好喝水解渴。; 這個目標能否實現還不確定。; 我們正在研究大象的繁殖問題。; 據說她比丈夫小二十歲。; 她聽了這消息有甚麽反應？; 道路又濕又滑。; 遠處是一棟孤零零的建築。; 停火只能暫時解決危機。
