He performs his duties very ably.; The job will take approximately three weeks.; He lives blithely.; I missed the train and consequently was late for work.; She greeted the visitor cordially, inviting her to stay for breakfast.; He was clever, handsome, and exceedingly rich.; I expressly told you to be home by midnight.; Our great motherland is favorably endowed climately.; It's unlikely that this gully was produced by nature.; Incidentally, I wanted to have a word with you about your travel expenses.; The talks went on intermittently for three years.; The exams were graded too leniently.; The hospital may restrict bookings to people living locally.; The driver of the car was nonchalantly smoking a cigarette.; He readily accepted an invitation to dinner.; The troops made a sally at night.; It is undoubtedly one of the best movies of the year.; He was unusually polite.; She studied me warily, as if I might turn violent.; She faces the dilemma of disobeying her father or losing the man she loves.; From the hotel roof you can enjoy a panorama of the whole city.; The film's plot is predictable and the acting is mediocre.; Her ideas have merit.; Disease is an accompaniment of poverty.; The man is demented.; The recent famine in these parts has caused the displacement of tens of thousands of people.; Many people are living in encampments around the city with no electricity or running water.; I gave him money as an inducement to leave.; Sounds of merriment came from the kitchen.; She went in this morning and noticed one of the ornaments was missing.; 他做起工作来得心应手。; 这项工作大概需时三周。; 他无忧无虑地活着。; 我没有赶上火车，必然上班迟到了。; 她诚挚地招呼着客人，请她留下来吃早餐。; 他聪明、英俊，且非常富有。; 我明确跟你说过，你要在午夜十二点前回到家。; 我们祖国的气候真是得天独厚。; 这个溪谷不大可能是自然出现的。; 顺便说一句，我打算和你谈一下你的开支报销问题。; 会谈开开停停地进行了三年。; 这些考试改得太宽松了。; 这家医院可能会限定只有当地居民才能预约。; 那台车的驾驶正漠不关心地抽着烟。; 他欣然接受邀请去吃晚饭。; 部队在晚上突围了。; 这无疑是今年最棒的电影之一。; 他异乎寻常地礼貌。; 她警惕地看着我，似乎担心我会动粗。; 她面临着要么违抗父亲要么失去心上人的两难境地。; 从饭店楼顶上你可以欣赏到城市的全景。; 这部影片的情节都能猜得到，演员的演技也不够好。; 她的想法很有价值。; 疾病伴随贫困而发生。; 那个人精神不正常。; 这些地区最近的饥荒迫使数万人逃往他乡。; 很多人生活在城市周边一些没有电力和自来水供应的临时营地里。; 我给他钱促使他离开。; 欢笑声从厨房里传来。; 今天早晨她一进去就发现丢了一件饰品。
