She gave me one of those irresistible smiles and I just had to agree.; Johnny was the most persistent and most harmless of her admirers.; Government troops offered no resistance.; If I criticize him, he gets aggressive and starts shouting.; They had conclusive evidence of her guilt.; My rent is seven hundred dollars a month inclusive of bills.; He told some really offensive sexist jokes.; He's very passive in the relationship.; She became withdrawn and pensive, hardly speaking to anyone.; There was a short skirmish between the two of them over who would pay for the meal.; He smelt the reek of whisky.; Why don't we invite Caroline and Mark and make up a foursome?; I find it very tiresome doing the same job day after day.; She started to feel despondent about ever finding a job.; My leg suddenly went into spasm.; The money is intended to be used for specific purposes.; He has a collection of rare insect specimens.; Traditional ways of life fulfilled both economic and spiritual needs.; There was no bombast or conceit in his speech.; He is a very earnest young man.; My brother is a humorist.; One woman, close to hysteria, grabbed my arm.; After living abroad for so long, he found it difficult to readjust to life at home.; Due to low investment, industrial output has remained stagnant.; The electronics industry is showing signs of stagnating after fifteen years of growth.; She has been a stalwart supporter of the party for many years.;  I managed to get there by a series of stealthy movements.; Mules are usually sterile.; There is no longer any stigma to being divorced.; The show was intended to stimulate and amuse.; 她对我的那微笑真是令人无法抗拒，我只好同意了。; 约翰是追她的人中最痴心、最没有心机的一个。; 政府军没有作出任何抵抗。; 如果我批评他，他就会寻衅大吵大闹。; 他们掌握了她犯罪的确凿证据。; 我的租金是每月七百美元全包。; 他讲了一些极令人不快的性别歧视的笑话。; 他在这段关系中非常被动。; 她变得孤僻忧郁，几乎不和任何人说话。; 政府宣布要增税时，政党领袖之间发生了短暂的争执。; 他身上一股威士忌味。; 我们干吗不邀请卡罗琳和马克来凑成两对？; 我觉得日复一日地做同样的工作令人非常厌烦。; 她开始对找到工作感到气馁了。; 我的腿突然抽筋了。; 这笔钱有特定的用途。; 他收集了很多稀有昆虫的标本。; 传统的生活方式满足了经济和精神的双重需求。; 他的演讲并没有夸大其词和自吹自擂。; 他是个非常认真的年轻人。; 我哥哥是位谈吐诙谐风趣的人。; 一个近乎歇斯底里的女人捉住了我的手臂。; 在外国生活了那么长时间后，他觉得很难适应国内的生活。; 由于投资少，工业生产一直停滞不前。; 电子产业在经过十五年的飞速发展之后出现了停滞不前的迹象。; 她多年来一直是该党的忠实支持者。; 我通过一连鬼鬼祟祟的动作设法到达了那里。; 驴子通常无法生育。; 离婚不再是什么耻辱的事了。; 这部电影的主要目的是刺激和娱乐。
