It's a shame that such a beautiful area has been defiled by a rubbish dump.; Losing several games in a row had completely demoralized the team.; These people are in dire need of help.; Petty restrictions easily raised the ire of such a creative artist.; The mask was so lifelike it was quite frightening.; She devoted her lifetime to the study of zoology.; This latest dispute greatly increases the likelihood of a strike.; Her hopes of becoming a painter never materialized.; We must not be drawn into the mire of civil war.; Listening to music is my favorite pastime.; Stop patronizing me.; Pulverize the rebellion before it gets out of hand.; That book is a satire on the administration of justice.; He scrutinized the men's faces closely, trying to work out who was lying.; The police are hoping that the violence will soon subside.; We may summarize the situation then as follows.; The boy would come into the room and tantalize the dog with his feed.; Your timely warning saved our lives.; I remember meeting the man before but I can't visualize him.; It has often been said, perhaps unfairly, that they are a warlike nation.; My mother is something of an eccentric.; Americans see freedom of expression as their birthright.; Should the function of children's television be to entertain or to enlighten?; He was rewarded with a knighthood for his service to the government.; He is a novelist and playwright from America.; The silhouette of the bare tree on the hill was clear against the winter sky.; He's either a hero or a villain, depending on your point of view.; Stop being so silly and immature, Chris!; The Atlantic Ocean is immense.; A trial must be fair and impartial.; 这么美的地方竟然被一堆垃圾给糟蹋了，真是太可惜了。; 连续输掉数场比赛使全队上下彻底泄了气。; 这些人急需援助。; 种种琐碎的约束很容易激怒这样一位如此富有创造力的艺术家。; 这个面具如此微妙微俏，还真是吓人。; 她终身从事动物学研究。; 最近的这场冲突极大地增加了罢工的可能性。; 她当画家的愿望一直未实现。; 我们一定不能被拖进内战的泥沼中。; 听音乐是我最喜爱的消遣娱乐。; 别对我摆出屈尊俯就的样子。; 在这些反叛军成气候之前，必须彻底消灭之。; 那部作品是对司法工作的讽刺。; 他仔细端详这些男子的脸，想弄清谁在撒谎。; 警方希望暴力事件会很快平息。; 我们可将情况归结如下。; 那个男孩会到房间里拿狗食逗弄狗。; 你的及时警告救了我们的命。; 我记得以前见过那个人，但他的样子我想不起来了。; 或许并不公正，但人们常说那是个好战的国家。; 我妈妈有点古怪。; 美国人视言论自由是他们与生俱来的权利。; 儿童电视节目的作用应该是娱乐还是启蒙？; 他为政府服务而获授予爵位。; 他是美国的一名小说家和剧作家。; 在冬日天空的映衬下，山上光秃秃的树影清晰可见。; 他要么是英雄，要么是恶棍，这取决于你如何看了。; 克里斯，不要这么愚蠢幼稚！; 大西洋浩瀚无边。; 审判必须客观公正。
