The coronation of the new king was a splendid pageant.; He is a personage.; There are many pigeons in the park.; For many fans, the national stadium is a place of pilgrimage.; The company has gained international prestige.; They played a scrimmage for fans at the practice field.; A surgeon removed the boy's brain tumor.; The conversation went off at a tangent.; The earliest recorded usage of the word is in the twelfth century.; The project was set up under the aegis of the university.; Oxford and Cambridge are both collegiate universities.; The rebels regard the official parliament as illegitimate.; He registers the birth of his son.; His parents kept vigil beside his bed for weeks before he died.; The pot had been badly glazed.; No one was convinced by his glib answers.; It's hard when people don't understand and call you a glutton.; She responded to his remarks with feigned amusement.; Jack saw many foreigners on the street.; My children have never shown an interest in music, much to my chagrin.; You shouldn't denigrate people just because they have different beliefs from you.; The plane would probably disintegrate at that high speed.; He sent a groveling note of apology.; We're entertaining some colleagues tonight.; He subjected me to a monologue on his last stay in hospital.; He has obtained a degree in psychology.; The room was decorated with stagy opulence.; The storm wreaked havoc in the garden.; Woe betide anyone who got in his way.; The city's canine population has grown dramatically over recent years.; 新国王的加冕典礼是一个非常壮丽的场面。; 他是个大人物。; 公园里有很多鸽子。; 对许多足球迷来说，国家体育馆就是圣地。; 该公司赢得了国际声誉。; 他们为了粉丝在练习场进行了一场队内分组比赛。; 一位外科医生为这男孩摘除了脑肿瘤。; 交谈突然偏离了正题。; 关于这个字的用法最早记载于十二世纪。; 该企划案是在这所大学的支持下开展的。; 牛津和剑桥都是由许多学院组成的综合性大学。; 反叛者认为官方的议会不合法。; 他为他儿子作出生登记。; 他去世之前，父母在他床边守夜守了好几周。; 这个罐子上釉上得很差。; 没有人相信他那油嘴滑舌的回答。; 当人们不理解而叫我贪吃鬼的时候，那种感觉真不好受。; 她假装对他的话感兴趣。; 杰克在街道上看见许多外国人。; 我的孩子们从没对音乐表现出一点兴趣，真让我失望。; 你不要只是因为信仰不同而贬低他人。; 飞机以那么高速飞行也许会四分五裂。; 他寄去了一封低三下四的道歉信。; 今晚我们要招待几位同事。; 他向我滔滔不绝地讲述了他上次住院的经历。; 他已在心理学方面获得学位。; 那房间装饰得富丽堂皇，像舞台似的。; 暴风雨摧毁了花园。; 逆他者亡。; 近年来该市狗的数量急剧增加。
