Melanin is the dark brown pigment of the hair, skin and eyes.; Students who fail to meet the requirements will fail.; The sediment of coffee will settle.; They were defeated in the first round of the tournament.; For best results, please take your measurements over undergarment.; The earthquake was a disaster of cosmic scale.; He is a dynamic young businessman.; Missile attacks on the capital resumed at dawn.; All the dancers come on stage during the grand finale.; Dividends will be sent to shareholders.; I dream of living on a tropical island.; There is a chronic shortage of teachers.; We enjoyed a leisurely picnic.; He was a benevolent old man and wouldn't hurt a fly.; He has three dependent children.; Unemployment will be a dominant issue at the next election.; These documents are largely irrelevant to the present investigation.; Our office is in a permanent state of chaos.; He raised several pertinent questions.; Many insurance companies are under pressure to increase premiums to stay solvent.; What an irony of fate!; The monotony of motorway driving can cause accidents.; This, the president promised us, was a war against tyranny.; The lady speaks dolefully.; He dotes on the new baby.; Police can invoke the law to regulate access to these places.; The liquid notes of an oriole sound pleasing to the ear.; I've always preferred reading prose to poetry.; The authorities have revoked their original decision to allow development of this rural area.; The bomb threat turned out to be a hoax.; 黑色素是头发、皮肤和眼睛中的黑褐色色素。; 达不到要求的学生将不能及格。; 咖啡渣会沉淀下去。; 他们在锦标赛的第一轮就被打败了。; 为了得到准确尺寸，请在穿着内衣的状态下进行测量。; 这次地震是一场巨大的灾难。; 他是位有活力的商人。; 针对首都的导弹袭击在黎明时又重新开始了。; 在高潮性的大结局时所有的舞者都上了台。; 红利将被派发给股东。; 我梦想住在热带岛屿。; 教师长期短缺。; 我们享受着悠闲的野餐。; 他是个仁慈的老人，连一只苍蝇都不愿伤害。; 他有三个需要照顾的孩子。; 失业将成为下届选举中的主要辩论问题。; 这些文件与目前的调查几乎毫不相干。; 我们的办公室永远都是一团糟。; 他提了几个有关的问题。; 很多保险公司面临压力，要增加保险费以保证偿付能力。; 真是讽刺啊！; 在高速公路上驾车单调乏味，因而可能引发交通意外。; 总统向我们承诺，这是一场反对暴政的战争。; 那位小姐悲哀地说。; 他对刚出生的孩子非常宠爱。; 警方可以借助有关法律来约束人们进入这些地方。; 金莺清脆的鸣叫声听起来很悦耳。; 我一直偏好读散文而不是诗歌。; 当局原来决定允许开发这一乡村地区，但现在他们已经收回成命。; 那次炸弹恐吓结果发现是场恶作剧。
