We've decided to change the design based on our preliminary findings.; I've had two job offers, and I'm in a real quandary about which one to accept.; The juvenile delinquent was sent to the reformatory.; There was a tributary road near the end of the village.; Oil painting does not come within the scope of a course of this kind.; He was a heartless scoundrel who had stripped her of everything she owned.; He came home after three months at college looking terribly scrawny.; He said nothing but looked abashed.; She brandished a saucepan at me so I ran out of the kitchen.; He is a distinguished writer.; Just tell the truth and don't embellish the story by any means.; We need to reduce the burden of taxes that impoverish the economy.; I was utterly ravished by the way she smiled.; The suggestion is sheer nonsense.; He was elected sheriff of the county.; My horse is very skittish, so I have to keep him away from traffic.; She's really squeamish and can't stand the sight of blood.; The lines from Byron's poem contain a simile.; The Commissioner has absolutely unrestricted access to all the files.; She went into convulsions and had to be rushed to hospital.; I hate to disillusion you, but pregnancy is not always wonderful.; Her speech was full of excuses and evasions and never properly addressed the issue.; We built an extension to our house.; The surgeon makes a small incision into which a tube is inserted.; I spent two nights in the mansion.; Occasionally I'll have a piece of chocolate, but it's very rare.; The festival will open with a procession led by the mayor.; Drugs can slow down the progression of the disease.; Chemical analysis revealed a high content of copper.; She loved the creamy consistency of fresh paint.; 我们决定依据初步调查的结果对设计方案进行更改。; 我有两个工作机会，但不知该接受哪个，真是左右为难。; 该少年违者被关进少年管教所改造。; 村的尽头有条岔道。; 油画不在这类课程范围内。; 他是个没心没肺的无赖，夺走了属于她的一切。; 他在大学里呆了三个月后回到家里，样子瘦得可怕。; 他没说什么，但是神情尴尬。; 她拿着平底锅向我挥来，于是我就跑出了厨房。; 他是个卓越的作家。; 只要讲清事实，千万不要加油添醋。; 我们需要减轻导致经济困顿的税收负荷。; 她嫣然一笑令我销魂。; 这个建议纯粹是胡言乱语。; 他被选为县警长。; 我的马很容易受惊，因此我得让他远离车流。; 她真得很容易受惊吓，见不得血。; 拜伦的诗句中含有一个明喻。; 特派员可以随意查阅所有文件。; 她全身抽搐，被迅速送到医院。; 我不想打破你的美梦，但是怀孕并非总是美妙的事。; 她的谈话从头到尾都是些藉口托词，根本就没有切实谈过这个问题。; 我们扩建了我家的房屋。; 外科医生切开一个小口把管子插了进去。; 我在那座大厦住了两个晚上。; 我偶尔会吃块巧克力，不过这种时候极少。; 艺术节将由市长带领的一支队伍揭开序幕。; 药物能减缓疾病的恶化。; 化学分析结果显示出极高的铜含量。; 她喜欢新鲜油漆鲜奶油状的黏性。
