She made an eloquent appeal for action.; The store sells tents and other camping equipment.; Social etiquette dictates that men cannot sit while women are standing.; She had no qualms about lying to the police.; Police in riot gear were called in to quell the unrest.; Visitors to the country have been asked to fill in a detailed questionnaire.; By now she'd had so much cosmetic surgery that she looked quite grotesque.; He gave her an oblique glance.; You can cover your eyes with an opaque eye mask.; They need to learn modern management techniques.; The fall of the Berlin wall marked the end of an era.; She rebuffed all suggestions that she should resign.; Most people know a sort of puzzle called rebus.; A month after being unfairly dismissed, he was reinstated in his job.; She sends a small remittance home to her parents each month.; She seems to revel in annoying her parents.; He was lost in reverie until he suddenly heard someone behind him.; Please revert by email.; While Joe sleeps, a large percentage of his capillaries are inactive.; There are three categories of accommodation.; The government is having difficulty finding a safe depository for nuclear waste.; Several foreign dignitaries attended the ceremony.; When did you move out of the dormitory?; A fiery debate ensued.; The men were using inflammatory language about the other team's supporters.; Make your inquiries at the office.; I like to buy myself little luxuries from time to time.; I read Andy's obituary in the Daily News.; The prime minister has a reputation for powerful oratory.; Predictably the president parried enquiries about the arms scandal.; 她发表了富有说服力的演讲，呼吁采取行动。; 这家商店出售帐篷和其他野营用具。; 社交礼仪要求在女士站立时，男士不能入座。; 她向警方说谎但一点也不觉得不安。; 身穿防暴装的员警奉命前来平息骚乱。; 访问该国的游客被要求填写一份详细的调查表。; 她现在因为作了太多的整容手术，看上去让人觉得怪异恐怖。; 他斜看了她一眼。; 你可以用不透光的眼罩把眼睛蒙住。; 他们还得学习现代管理技术。; 柏林围墙的倒塌标记着一个时代的结束。; 她断然拒绝了所有劝她辞职的建议。; 大多数人都知道有一种称为画谜的猜谜。; 在被不公正解职一个月后，他又重新返回工作岗位。; 她每月寄回家一小笔钱给她父母。; 她似乎以惹父母生气为乐。; 他陷入了沉思，直到突然听到背后有人。; 请通过电子邮件回覆。; 当乔睡觉时，他的毛细血管大部分是不工作的。; 有三种住宿标准。; 政府在寻找核废料安全存放地点时遇上困难。; 几位外国要人出席了那个仪式。; 你是什么时候搬出宿舍的？; 接着是一场激烈的辩论。; 这些人恶语攻击另一支球队的支持者。; 请去办公室询问。; 我喜欢时不时地给自己买些小小的奢侈品。; 我在每日新闻报上看到安迪的讣闻。; 首相以雄辩有力的口才而闻名。; 正如所料，总统回避了有关武器丑闻的种种查问。
