It's imperative to act now before the problem gets really serious.; I hope he didn't think I was being impertinent when I asked him about his private life.; It is an impudent remark.; The airline reimbursed me for the amount they had overcharged me.; The book cover had a picture of a dove superimposed on a battle scene.; The mountain's peak was incandescent against the blue sky.; This aircraft incorporates several new safety features.; A secret report incriminating the company was leaked last week.; John is going to be an inductee.; He lay completely inert on the floor.; Those are the toys that infatuate children.; He described a journey through the infernal world.; He lived among infidels.; He is a man more noted for his intellect than his charm.; She can be very intolerant of students who don't understand what she's talking about.; We asked the superintendent to fix the broken window in our apartment.; The drive home was appalling.; He must have had some inkling of what was happening.; That tree was struck by lightning.; She is athirst for love.; The oak was two meters in girth.; This ring is a family heirloom.; We brought back a few souvenirs from our holiday.; There was a note of optimism in his voice as he spoke about the company's future.; The alarm emits infrared rays which are used to detect any intruder.; The room was filled with knickknacks.; Many children are hapless victims of this war.; You feel so helpless because there's nothing you can do to make the child better.; He's seemed listless and a little depressed ever since he got his exam results.; The villagers are powerless against the armed invaders.; 必须现在就采取行动，而不是等到问题变得难以收拾。; 当我询问他的私生活时，我希望他不要认为我没有礼貌。; 这是放肆的言论。; 航空公司把多收的钱退还给我了。; 这本书封面上的战争画面中添加了一只和平鸽。; 山顶在蓝天的映衬下十分耀眼。; 这种飞机具有几个新的安全功能。; 一份显示这家公司有罪的秘密报告上星期泄露了出来。; 约翰就要成为应召入伍的士兵了。; 他一动不动地躺在地板上。; 这是些使孩子们愚蠢的玩具。; 他描述了穿越炼狱的历程。; 他生活在异教徒中。; 相比其魅力，他的才智更为人瞩目。; 她对听不懂她讲课的学生可以很不宽容。; 我们请管理员把我们公寓破碎的玻璃窗修一下。; 回家时的一路行程极不顺利。; 他当时对发生的事一定有所了解。; 那棵树被闪电击中了。; 她渴望爱情。; 这棵橡树围长两公尺。; 这枚戒指是家里祖传的。; 我们从度假回来时买了一些纪念品。; 谈到公司的未来，他语气里带着乐观情绪。; 警报器能发出红外线探测入侵者。; 这房间里满是小装饰物。; 许多儿童是这场战争不幸的受害者。; 你觉得如此无助，是因为你没有办法使那个孩子病情好转。; 自从得知自己的考试分数后他就一直无精打采，心情也有些低落。; 村民们在武装侵略者面前毫无抵抗能力。
