The work was undertaken by members of the committee.; We'll update you on this news story throughout the day.; His voice vibrated with anger.; For years they have enjoyed a standard of living unmatched by any other country in Europe.; He wrenched the knob off when he was trying to open the door.; He demanded her wristwatch as a pawn for the loan.; It's pretty unlikely they'll turn up now.; I am utterly convinced of your loyalty.; He virtually lived in his office.; He is an unscrupulous businessman.; You said that many big companies act unscrupulously.; He gave her a vicious look.; His business thrived in the years before the war.; A fish bone got stuck in my throat.; Both records have a good throbbing bass which is great to dance to.; Urbanization will become increasingly important in the future.; Computer has found an increasingly wide utilization in all fields.; Her veneration for traditional learning never wavered.; My niece showed me all the tricks.; A mere trifle brought about a quarrel between the brothers.; He pulled the trigger and the bottle was shot to pieces.; What created the apparent uniformity of characters?; The store deals in objects of domestic utility.; Work on the production line is monotonous and lacks variety.; His judgment was undistorted by emotion.; Can someone help me to undo my seat belt?; It's unfair to blame Roger.; The hospital has no vacant beds.; Vacuum up the cake crumbs, would you?; My way of thinking might be different from yours, but it's equally valid.; 此项工作由委员会成员承担。; 我们将全天向您报道该新闻事件的最新进展。; 他非常愤怒，声音微微颤抖。; 多年来，他们所享受的生活水准是欧洲其他任何国家都无法比拟的。; 他开门时把门把手拧了下来。; 他要她把拿手表下来作为贷款的抵押。; 他们现在不大可能来了。; 我完全相信你的忠诚。; 他简直是住在自己的办公室里了。; 他是个不择手段的商人。; 你说许多大公司不按规则运行。; 他恶狠狠地瞪了她一眼。; 战前那些年，他的生意很兴隆。; 我喉咙里卡了一根鱼刺。; 两张唱片都有极富节奏感的低音，很适合跳舞。; 城市化将来将变得越来越重要。; 电脑已越来越广泛地在各个领域得到应用。; 她对传统学问的敬意从未动摇。; 我侄女给我看所有把戏。; 一点儿小事引起了兄弟间一场争吵。; 他扣动扳机，瓶子当即被打得粉碎。; 是什么造成了这些显然相同的性格？; 那家商店出售家庭用品。; 在生产线上工作很单调，缺乏变化。; 他的判断力并没有因为情绪而有所改变。; 有人能帮我解开安全带吗？; 责备罗杰是不公平的。; 这家医院没有空床位。; 请用吸尘器把蛋糕屑清理掉，好吗？; 我的想法也许和你的不同，但同样站得住脚。
