His hesitation indicates unwillingness.; The indiscriminate use of fertilizers can cause long term problems.; Who initiated the violence?; The bank conducted its own internal investigation into the robbery.; Father keeps a journal of his activities.; The journalist took notes throughout the interview.; She was so upset when she spoke that she was hardly intelligible.; The new job will provide you with invaluable experience.; Last year the company seemed invincible.; I'll need to take out extra car insurance for another driver.; He's obviously a man of very high intelligence.; Girls are crazy about lace.; I enjoyed the film, but I couldn't follow all the intricacies of the plot.; The prisoners pleaded for mercy.; What is your party's policy on immigration?; Intruders had entered the house through a back window.; The shock of losing his job jerked him out of his settled lifestyle.; He is a day laborer.; The universe is theoretically infinite.; The suffering inflicted on these children was unimaginable.; The list of ingredients included ten grams of almonds.; We realized how intricately they are connected to the ecosystem.; Jelly solidifies as it gets cold.; He was treated justly.; Our inventory of used cars is the best in town.; A sharp tap on the knee usually causes an involuntary movement of the lower leg.; The tour operator will arrange transport and plan your itinerary.; I just had an intuition that you'd been involved in an accident.; Irrigation is needed to make crops grow in dry areas.; The prisoner had been kept in isolation for three days.; 他的猶疑表示不願意。; 濫用化肥可能導致長期的問題。; 誰先使用暴力的？; 銀行針對搶劫案進行了內部調查。; 我父親有記錄每天活動的習慣。; 這位新聞記者在整個面試過程中都有做筆記。; 她講話時心煩意亂，結果她的話幾乎讓人無法理解。; 這份新工作將使你獲得寶貴的經驗。; 該公司去年似乎無往不勝。; 我需要為另一名駕駛者購買汽車保險。; 顯然他是個非常聰明的人。; 女孩子都很喜歡蕾絲。; 我喜歡這部電影，但情節中有些複雜的細節我搞不清楚。; 囚犯都懇求從輕發落。; 你們黨對於移民的政策是甚麼？; 侵入者從後窗闖入了住宅。; 失業的打擊一下子改變了他安定的生活方式。; 他是按日記酬的工人。; 從理論上來講，宇宙是無邊無際的。; 這些孩子遭受的痛苦無法想像。; 清單上列出的材料包括十克的杏仁。; 我們明白它們是如何複雜地與生態系統聯結在一起。; 果凍冰過後會變硬。; 他受到公正地對待。; 我們賣的二手車是城裡最好的。; 突然輕輕敲一下膝蓋，小腿通常會不由自主地動一下。; 旅行社工作人員將負責安排交通和行程計劃。; 我只是憑直覺感到你捲入了一次意外。; 要使莊稼在乾旱地區生長就需灌溉。; 這個犯人已被隔離三天了。
